Justin: Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era. Im your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.

Travis: Im your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.

Griffin: Im your sweet, baby brother, 30-under-30 media-luminary, Griffin McElroy.

Justin: You said you had something funny to say, Griffin.

Griffin: Its just, I, the Os– the Os–, the Oscars were last night and we all had, I think we can all agree a really fun time watching them.

Travis: Mhm.

Griffin: Got a little silly there at the end now–

Travis: Was that– was that silly like in the way of when they, like, drop candy and doughnuts from the sky silly or–

Griffin: That was very silly, but they did something even sillier at the end that I thought was–

Travis: Oh, do you mean like when they brought in the tour group and they were like, "Youre gonna look at dresses," but it was actually–

Griffin: That was super silly and it was just sort of Jimmys, sort of, patented sort of prank.

Justin: Do you mean when they fucking robbed our dear friend Lin-Manuel Miranda of his deserved Oscar–

Travis: Is that you mean, Griffin? 

Justin: –-that he deserved for writing the best song of the year? That they robbed him?

Griffin: I do, on that note, this is uncomfortable.

Justin: And us by extension.

Griffin: By us.

Justin: By the way, thats–

Travis: Because the closest– he wouldve done the "Great Job" horn so many times from that podium!

Justin: Its the closest I wouldve ever gotten to winning an Oscar and they took that from me.

Griffin: Um, yes, that is– that was uncomfortable and I know we were all there for, um, for our friend Lin when he was robbed during that scene. Although this parts actually not silly. This is actually kind of uncomfortable, um, in that im afraid that our friendship with Lin is over now? And now La La Land is my best friend?

Travis: Mhm.

Justin:Okay, thats uncomfortable.

Griffin: Is that right, does that make sense?

Justin: That seems unpleasant.

Griffin: Yeah, and, like, I dont want– we have a TV show now, so like we have to stay– we gotta keep swingin to the next sexiest vine and–



Griffin: Hes been a sexy vine for such a long time! And a really good dude, like a super, super good dude, but our friendship with Lin is over now. La La Land is my best friend, gonna find out the name of the person who did it, ‘cause–



Griffin: I watched this– I saw the mo– I didnt see the movie, but Ive seen pictures of it, and I know its Ryan Gosling, and hes in there playing piano, but did he play– did he actually make the songs?

Justin: Its– its unclear.

Griffin: Its a confusing movie!

Travis: Can we– I always get–  I–

Griffin: Yes.

Travis: I havent seen La La Land yet, but the scene that they used to be like, "Ryan Gosling for Best Actor," is a scene of a person at a jazz club while jazz people are trying to play jazz.

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: And theres this person in the audience at full voice talking about whats going on, and–

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: All I could think is that person needs to be removed.

Griffin: Hey, thats not real jazz, man!

Travis: But, like, at some point, a, like, a host or a server shouldve come over and said, "Uh, excuse me, sir, could you shut the fuck up?"

Justin: Please.

Griffin: I mean, yeah, thats the secret, like, um, yknow a member of the of the Marsalas family, or, yknow, cannonball, they dont talk during jazz.

Thats like the rule one of jazz, rule two is you make a bunch of stuff up, but cannonball will tell you do not talk during the jazz.

Travis: Second rule, no eye contact during jazz.

Griffin: No, god no, yeah, and then the third rule is just make a bunch of shit up, and yeah, good luck! Um, no, the silly part I was talking about was where Faye and Warren–



Griffin: –who are two national sort of treasures–

Justin: Yeah.

Griffin: –masters of the stage and screen, masters of their craft, like theyre both masters of their craft you know and theyve accomplished some great works between the two of them but they did remind us that they are still older folks.

Justin: Its not their fault! They got the wrong envelope.

Griffin: Ah, Im sorry, if you– No, youre dishin out best pic at the end, the big show, and you get handed a card that has Emma Stones name on it, I think you would go, "Theres been a mistake," before you just pull the fucking trigger and just say another thin– "This card says Emma Stone won Best Picture!"



Griffin: "Get up here, Emma! You did it!"

Travis: Can I–

Justin: "What a good movie!"

Travis: I wanna say– I wanna just take that moment for a second, cause I think a lot– Warren Beatty got a lot of heat for that moment, I think hes gonna continue to get a lot of shit–


Griffin: First of all, I think thats undeserved, because I think Faye is the one who took that ball and ran with it.

Travis: Thats what Im saying! Cause Warren Beatty opens the envelope, was like, "Wait, Emma Stones not a movie." Warren Beatty knows Emma Stones not a movie–

Griffin: "Shes not a movie!"

Travis: And Faye Dunaway goes, "Oh, youre terrible!  it just says–" And all I can think is, inside Warren Beattys head, he mustve just been screaming.



Travis: "Faye, no!"

Griffin: Faye– Faye, at that point, made a fucking risk-reward sort of evaluation, and decided, "I dont wanna be up on this stage anymore in this uncomfy moment, so im just gonna pull the trigger on this fuckin thing without even, like, blocking down whether or not im saying the name of the real best pic. Huh, its weird that Emma Stones name is so big on this card, but whatever! Ill read the movie name smaller."

Justin: "I will just–"

Travis: "I will just mess up the whole thing."

Justin: I feel like what were seeing is Old Hollywood still having its instincts in place for heat seeking – my man Warren and my lady Faye are nothing if not heat seekers. They saw that and they thought, "Ooh!" My man Warren looked at that card, and yknow what crossed his mind? "Time to go trending, time to trend."

Travis: All– all, Justin, I wanna say–

Justin: "Time to get back in the fuckin limelight."

Travis: –was, "Have I had sex with Emma Stone? Im Warren Beatty!"

Griffin: "Have I?"

Justin: "Im Warren Beatty!" But also, "Now, time to trend! Time to get on this comet!"

Griffin: Is it–

Justin: "Trend with me, Faye! Faye, take my hand! Take my hand, follow me, were– Its time to trend!"

Griffin:  "I have no idea what that means but I wanna do it."

Justin: "I do wanna do it, I hear a lot of people trending, and its time to trend, Faye. Come with me, catch this comet in a net with me, Faye, and fly to trending."

Griffin: Is it possible that this, um, this really silly thing that happened here at the end, this silly–

Justin: Its a zag, I mean, lets call it–

Griffin: Its a fuckin zag.

Justin: Its a fuckin zag and a half.

Griffin: Its a zap, and its a silly switch up. Do you think this was done, somehow, as sort of a magic trick prank by Now You See Me 2?



Justin: Yes.

Griffin: As a sort of, like, slight for being for being slighted by the Oscar noms?

Travis: Hmm.

Griffin: Anythings possible. I really wish La La Land coulda won it, cause its my best friend now, and I wouldve lo– I wouldve loved it to have that feather in its cap, but–

Travis: But super congratulations to Moonlight, I should say.

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: Uh, I would love, love, love to talk about all the movies and if they deserved it, who won what–

Justin: Mhm!

Travis: I saw – let me see – point-zero-one percent of the movies nominated, and thats just like the ten minutes I was awake.

Justin: Mm.

Travis: During, uh, uh– during Doctor Strange, not because Doctor Strange was a boring movie, I had just had a baby, so...

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: I was just very asleep.

Griffin: Sleep, sleeper.

Travis: Um.

Justin: The thing about being the parent of a young child when youre watching the Oscars, for me, this year, most of the awards I was about engaged with in is like, versed in, as if I was watching awards for lawn furniture design

Griffin: Mhm.

Justin: Like, it might as well have been that, until the animated segment in which point I was, like, on my feet.



Justin: Losing it like, ah, it– just, like, listing off the merits and demerits of all the nominated pictures.

Griffin: How do you– how do you, ah, how do you feel about Zootopia? Taking the big one.

Justin: Zootopia has a great message.

Griffin: Yes.

Justin: And, ah–

Travis: Its that animals desire to be people.

Griffin: Something like that.

Justin: Well, its not– its not really that so much. Uh, Zootopias a fine film with a great message, um, does it make me cry every time I watch it?

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: When shes like, "I am Moana" and im like, "Me, too."

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: And im on my feet, crying and screaming at the screen? 

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: No, absolutely not, but its a movie about discrimination which seems like a good message.

Griffin: A good message.

Justin: For right now.

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: How to do it in a good way.

Griffin: In a good way.

Justin: Which is very secret and no one will know about.

Travis: Hold on, I havent seen Zootopia, Justin. Is Zootopia about how to get away with racism?

Justin: No.

Griffin: No.

Justin: Its about–

Travis:Okay.

Justin: No, but, it– Ill tell you what its not about: inspiring a generation.

Griffin: Well, it probably is also– it is kinda, like, also that. I getcha– I mean, I get you, but I– yeah.

Justin: Theres so– theres– its a great– Theyre both fine pictures, Moanas obviously better but its, like– its fine, I tried to watch Kubo but it was very– it was a little bit dark and my daughter lost interest in ten minutes, so I would do that one a big razzy, that one gets a razzy from me.

Griffin: Just cause it was– again, just because the colors were a little muted?


Justin: Little– Colors were dark and there wasnt a big musical number within the first ten minutes.

Griffin: Yeah, shoot.

Travis: Can I say – just before we move on from the Oscars – I would like to give my own award, and this is one-hundred percent all sincerity.

Griffin: Okay.

Travis: Best jacket at the Oscars.

Griffin: Oh, boy.

Travis: Goes to Dwayne the Rock Johnson.

Griffin: Oh, was it?

Justin: Oh, that jacket!

Travis: Oh, it was an amazing, like, blue velvet number, ah, I j– I fell in love with it right away.

Griffin: And now we gotta do our worst dressed segment, can you even believe they left the house in it? And Ill start things out: Josh Gad was just, he was wearing– he was wearing just the stupidest– weiner was hangin out the whole time!

Travis: But really the problem was the shoulder pads.

Griffin: The shoulder pads were a p– a bit wild, yes.

Travis: The weiner was fine.

Griffin: The weiner was– 

Justin: I liked–

Griffin: The wiener was excellent.

Justin: I liked when Deadpool jumped up, ran up on the stage.

Griffin: Oh, yeah.

Justin: And he was like, "Im gonna let you finish –"

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: But actually, Deadpool was the best– that was, like, very good vibes, his butt was out.

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: He was like, "Fart you very much." He stole it–

Griffin: He said, "Fart you very much," and it was kind of, like– kind of inappropriate, cause it was like–

Justin: Yeah.

Griffin: –"La La Land won!" And they got up and "We didnt– Moonlight won." And then Moonlight got up to accept the award, and then he ran up and he was like, "Uh, Deadpool won, im sorry, I didnt know that the other thing was gonna happen, and now this is all getting a little, um– a little over complicated."

Travis: "Um, can we go back? Can we– can we edit this?" "No, Mr. Reynolds."

Justin: Um...

Griffin: Um, anyway, if anybody has La La Lands phone number, and or wants to like tell them about our show, so I can get that sort of fire goin, uh...

Justin: Can we not joke about this please? Because Lin will take it very personally, and– not personally, but seriously, and hell take the joke too far and hell stop talking to us, and hell make us talk to La La Land, and thats a movie not a person–

Travis: Lin, I dont stand with Griffin on this, Lin–

Justin: Anyway, thats our skewed take on the Oscar awards.

Travis: Our skewed views.

Griffin: Why dont we do more movie stuff? Like we got a lot to say, like, Suicide Squad won a– what?! It did? So, thats like one, thats like– could be one whole segment, and its like, Hacksaw Ridge, really? that could be another– a whole different segment.

Travis: Uh.

Justin: Um.

Travis: How many of those movies have I seen?

Griffin: No, god no.

Justin: They dont give it to the movies that I like.

Griffin: Oh!

Justin: Which is, like, the movies that I saw in the theater, because im looking down the list, I saw I did see Deadpool in the theater.

Griffin: It got a nom?

Justin: No noms for Deadpool on this one. Maybe theyll nominate it next year, like, yknow how they always do like, "Stuff we missed."

Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Justin: Like, missed connections?

Travis: Mhm.

Justin: I should see movies that dont have superheros in ‘em, I think, if I want to get the most out of the Oscars

Travis: The Doctor Strange– Doctor Strange got a nom, it got a nom for the best effect things.

Justin: Hey, um, also while were talking about best effects. Oscars, if I could, uh, bend your ear for a second, I think im with you in that its very funny that no one understands the technical awards, like, thats hysterical, im with you, maybe that doesnt have to be the joke.

Griffin: Every– each time.

Justin: Every single year, multiple times per show. Like at some point, dont you just expect the special effects wizards to say, "we get it!"

Griffin: We get it! Or, alternatively, they say, "Fuck you, were taking a year off!" And then Jurassic World 2 comes out and all the dinsoaurs are just, like, fuckin dudes in those stupid, inflatable costumes and thats it. And then the next year its like, "Okay, guys, were sorry, this year the technical Oscars are the only Oscars were gonna do, we– The Best Actress was handed out in a non-televised segment of the show, but, anyway, heres a new way of– fuckin a new p– stylist that you can use to draw shit."

Travis: And its amazing.

Justin: I think its hard apples– the people who actually make the movies.

Griffin: Mm.

Justin: Get cloistered off to their sub-oscars, but– but best animated short? Like really? Unless its before pixar movie nobody saw it. Nobody saw it.

Travis: They were amazing, though. Heres my problem with it g– augh, yeah, we really are doing this fuckin thing!

Travis: Year after year theyre like, "Ah, technically, we dont even know whats going on!" And guaranteed theres people who work in the technical field whod be like, "Oh, well, wed be happy to explain it to you–" "Nope! no, youd ruin the joke!"

Griffin: Its like, "We dont– we just dont get it!" "Did you see fuckin Finding Dory? We made all of it! All of it was me, my names Clark and I made Finding Dory with my computer!"

Justin: If they had spent half the time they spend joking about not understanding them to actually explain them, we would all have like minors in th– thea– special effect design.

Travis: Oh.

Justin: Work, engineering.

Travis: That would me ama– Next year, Andrew Garfield gets up to present the technical Oscars, and he gets up and goes, "Im supposed to talk about how I dont understand that, thats the shit theyve written for me." And he just throws away the script, and he, like, sits down at a table and has a three hour long conversation about the new, like, refraction lenses and stuff–

Griffin: He pulls a fuckin Justin Trudeau up there, like, "Ill break this shit down, how long you got?"

Justin: Next slot, next slot.

Travis: The history of the camera.

Justin: And here the best part is: Its all wrong!


Justin: And lies! It is three hours long!  "Heres how I bet it works!"

Travis:  "And now Ive never used a ca-me-ra, but if I had to guess…"

Justin: Uh, okay, time to get into the advice, heres the first question: "Yesterday I went to a used video store and I tried to buy a copy of the Denzel Washington movie Unstoppable–" Denzel was robbed!

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: Again! Hes the greatest actor of our time. "I took the case to the register, but the girl couldnt find the disc in the filing cabinet. She took my name and phone number, and said shed call when and if they found it. Heres the problem: I dont actually want Unstoppable that badly. If I never go back to pick it up, am I good?"

Griffin: Um, and thats from Somewhat Stoppable. Um, yeah, I mean heres– a lot of issues, this is the wild train movie, right? Where Denzel has to fight a big train with the help of, um, Captain Kirk?

Justin: I think so.

Griffin: Yes.

Justin: Lot of, um, lot of, uh, Hollywood glitz in this episode, I think.

Griffin: Yeah, lot of that.

Travis: No stars in the sky tonight, they are all in this episode.

Griffin: I think, um, I used to work at Gamestop and what– I ever– If you came in and you tried to buy SSX Tricky, and I was like, "Hm, cant find the disc. Ill take your name down and if I find the disc, Ill let you know." Thats just sort of a salve for you to try to get you to leave the store, cause I aint gon find that disc! If its not right in the SSX section of the–

Travis: Mhm.

Griffin: –of my folio, then im not goin– im not going to locate the disc. In three months, when fuckin Halo 8 comes out and I am stocking up Halo 8, a fuckin SSX Tricky disc is not going to fall from a hidden crevice in the cabinet. That disc is gone and the games gone forever, Unstoppable is gone, it got dragged to hell and im very sorry. Somebody threw it in the fuckin garbage can or stole it, that is how it does.

Travis: Griffin.

Griffin: Mhm?

Travis: Let me paint a counter picture for you.

Griffin: One in which miracles can happen, and angels do exist.

Travis: "I will– I, I, will, let me take down your number, Ill call you as soon as, ah, we find a copy of it." And they find it, they call ‘em like, "Oh,okay, yeah, great!" And then the next day, somebody else comes in is like, "Hey, is that Unstoppable, I lo–" "No! this is for Dave!"

Griffin: "This is for Dave! This is Daves Unstoppable."

Travis: "This is Daves copy," and then Dave doesnt come in, and then the next day someone else is like, "Ooh, Unstoppable, Ive been meaning to check that out. Can I please buy that VHS copy?" "No! This is Daves copy." But after a while, the store clerk begins to lose faith in Dave, and then by extension, humanity. Sadness reigns.

Griffin: Is that it?

Travis: Ah, fin.

Griffin: Oh, Jesus, Trav, I thought there was gonna be a turn!

Travis: No, thats the thing, Griffin. There is no turn because Dave did not go get Unstoppable.

Justin: I, uh, I have a fun story along these lines. A friend in college, eh–

Griffin: Used to work at Blockbuster and stole a copy of Show Girls? Yeah, tell me all about this, friend.

Justin: No, I didnt steal a copy of Show Girls, I stole a copy of Fight Club. Its in our fuckin tv show, seeso.com, you get a free week–

Griffin: Oh, I forgot you can– youre only allowed to steal one thing when you work at Blockbuster.

Justin: Well, I had Tommy Red come over and videotape Show Girls off HBO while we were on vacation. Anyway, a friend of mine was working in a video store in LA, and Lance Henriksen came in and, um, he asked for Millenium. And the guy working the desk, uh, said, "Do you want the 1989 movie or do you want the TV show?" and Lance Henriksen said, "I want the one with me in it."



Justin:  Cause he was, Henriksens the star of the TV series Millenium. So I dont know what this world is, that Lance has to go rent his own copy of Millenium the series on a video cassette, presumably. Uh, but that– thats– I always get a kick out of that story.

Griffin: Um, do yall wanna Yahoo?

Justin: Yeah, please.

Griffin: This one was sent in by– sent in by Ridin High Zoey Kinski, thank you, Zoey. Its Yahoo Answers user "sorry somethings gone wrong." Ill try one refresh, Im gonna give this a little bit of bandwidth and see if we can– No, this dog wont bark. ‘s from Joey who asks, "I am naming all of my pants. Lets start with the torn wranglers with spaghetti sauce on the left leg. Any ideas? Im very fond of them."


Its just like a fun way of, life, category– like you need to know, you need to know like– You open up the drawer and its like, "What jeans do I wanna wear today?" And its like, at this point, I have 8 or 9 pairs of jeans, im on TV, and so I need like a– a way of like, shorthand way of like knowing who they are.

Justin: One more time.

Griffin: Torn wranglers, spaghetti sauce on the left leg. If youd like I can start you off with some responses from Yahoo?

Justin: Yup, thatd be great.

Griffin: Um, Kat says, "Italian Stallions." Thats fun, but I think we can do better, and just like that, here comes Dolores and the Prune who says, "Rip Muswell!" "Tom Longstrand!"

Travis: Uh-huh…

Griffin: "Basil Pesto Ski!"



Travis: Huh?

Griffin: Uh, Sally says, "How ‘bout naming them after the Swiss national hero, William Tell. The missing drawstring has been used for the crossbow, the hole where he was aiming for the apple but lost his concentration, he got a whiff of cheese, something you didnt quite realize was emanating from his homeland–"

Travis:  Fuck you, fuck you, fuck right off.

Justin: What? Why are we wasting the best minds of our generation? The most creative talents of our generation on Yahoo Answers?

Griffin: Uh, enzyme 303 says, "Wran-guine! It has a spaghetti western feel to it, perfect name for the good, the bad, and the ugly."

Travis: Thats actually pretty good.

Griffin: Theres four fucking pages of answers. 

Justin: Do  try to name their pants that have spaghetti on ‘em?

Griffin: Mhm.

Travis: Why?

Justin: Why?

Griffin: Play along! Yes and!

Travis: But whats the– But–

Griffin: Play with me!

Travis: Griffin, but I need to know for what. For the national pants registry? Like, where does this come up? Is this like–

Griffin: Play with me!

Travis: But, Griffin, I need to kno–



Travis: I need to know the parameters of when you might say this name out loud to fully understand, because like, "Mess Pants." Why not just Mess Pan– these are Mess Pan–

Griffin: Mess pants is good, but you can do better, just play with me!

Travis: Im trying to, Griffin, I just need to understand who– Okay, Griffin, answer me this one on simple question.

Griffin: Yeah?

Travis: Who might I say the name of these pants aloud–

Griffin:  No one, to you– its like a fun d– game for yourself.

Travis: Why not just like, "Doug?" "These pants are Doug."

Griffin: If thats funny to you, I guess.

Travis: "Im gonna put on Doug."

Griffin: If thats funny–

Travis: "I put my legs inside Doug."

Griffin: See, now its getting better.

Travis: "Dougs a little worse for wear, Doug got some sauce on Doug."

Griffin: "Got some Do- now your name is Rip Messwell."


Griffin: Tom longstrand!  Ill be honest, Ill part the curtain a little bit here, I did include this question just cause I wanted to put up these amazing names from Dolores and the Prune: Rip Muswell, Tom Longstrand, and Basil Pesto Ski.

Travis: Basil Pestkowski is my favorite.

Griffin: Its very good and I thought, maybe, we could get in there and play along, but apparently you boys dont want to play my new game that I came up with for you.

Travis: I just– Griffin, I dont–

Griffin: Nah, its fine.

Travis: I just dont know, I just dont know.

Griffin: Its fine. Um, how bout a different one? Well get you guys back in your comfort zone.

Justin: Okay.

Griffin: This one was sent in by a lot of folks. Uh, well, two folks, Nicholas Potter and Cristian Angleson, thank you. Its from Yahoo Answers user Justin, uh-oh, uh– 

Justin: Uh-oh, not me.

Griffin: Justin started his account on Christmas Day and put this one up on Christmas Day. Thank you, Justin. Justin asks, "Do dogs know they are dogs?"

Travis: Oh, shit.

Griffin: Yeah, so I think, now youll play– now youll play with me, cause I think–

Travis: Do dogs know they are dogs?

Griffin: You think about this and you think, "Who gives a shit?" But you also think about Marmaduke, the dog who thinks hes a person. So, if that– if he exists, hes a– hes just–


Travis: Okay, lets establish this baseline just for those people screaming at your podcast player, your Victrola or whatever. I think that dogs very clearly can see themselves and other dogs and humans and be like, "Were definitely–"

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: "Theres something different here." The question for me at least is do they register like, "Well, those people own us. We are their pets, or we–"

Griffin: Well, I dont know if they go that far, but I do think they regard us as, like, the tall striders, and the food god. Um, yknow?

Griffin: "Who reins– who reins their benevolence down upon us."

Justin: I feel like dogs know other dogs are dogs.

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: But they kinda feel bad for those guys.

Griffin: Oh, I see.

Justin: Like, "Look at all those guys that are owned by people, and man, that must be rough pot for them. I feel bad for dogs, I dont feel like dog–" Dogs probably see themselves as small humans on four legs, and then they see other dogs as dogs. Like, theres an air of superiority.

Griffin: I feel ya.

Travis: Really?

Griffin: All dogs– all dogs are kinda up their own butts a little bit.

Justin: A little bit.


Travis: Well, that one makes a lot of sense, they are always trying to get up their own butts.

Justin: Yeah.

Griffin: That makes sense.


Justin: That would explain it.

Griffin: Youd think that they, hm, I– This is a tough one. Do you think theyd be bummed out, or is this just the world that they know?

Travis: What do you think they think of cats?

Griffin: Yeah, I mean, now were really getting into it.

Travis: Like, when a dog looks at the cat who lives in the house with them, is the cat like, "Yeah, me and the other humans just puttin up with this thing."

Griffin: I think we can all agree that they do look at us as giant gods. As, as giant– like giant powerful figures. Yknow what I mean?

Justin: Right.

Griffin: Like they worship, they worship us unto a god. The tall striders.

Travis: I actually think, Griffin, you have really touched a nerve for me, cause this is my problem with racoons, is I spend so much time with dogs–

Justin: Finally, were getting to the heart–

Travis: I know, lets get down to it! I spend so much time with dogs who, like, very clearly recognize that I am a superior being, and then theres like a racoon in my garbage and im like, "Blaah!" And it looks at me like, "Fuck you," and keeps doin what its doing and im like, "No, this is not how this is supposed to go!"

Griffin: Okay, racoons know theyre racoons, right?

Travis: But racoons dont recognize my divinity, is what im saying.

Griffin: Exactly, so–

Justin: Yes, thats a good point.

Griffin: I think horses are equally– I think horses are ambivalent. Like horses know theyre horses and theyre one of the few animals that are like, "Yeah, im a fuckin horse, check– Guess what? I just told you so." And I think that theyre totally fine with it, and I th– I dont even think they would refer– I dont think they would think of us as gods at all, cause theyre taller from us and they have way more legs, like twice as many, so…


Justin: Sure.

Griffin: Shoot. I think when we ride a horse, I think the horse is like, "What a cool favor Im doing."

Travis: What about when a dog sees you on a horse?

Griffin: Now thats probably like–



Griffin: I dont know why all dogs just instinctively shit when they see that.




Travis: Like, "What do we do now? The one thing I had on them was I had four legs, and now–"

Justin: "They have six."

Griffin: This would be essentially like, um, like god giving a like a bigger god a piggyback ride somehow, like, I dont– I dont even understand how that visual would pan out.

Justin: I bet the harder thing for dogs is when they see people get off a horse.

Griffin: Mm.

Justin: Like, "No, what are you doing! You just figured– no, what are you doing, are you crazy! Get back on there! What are you doing, why would you ever get off!"

Travis: Do you think that when animals– maybe– We, human beings have made such a big deal out of animal pairings and like weird animals pairings, but I guarantee that like most animals are just like, ‘Yup, you, me, yup." Like horse is just a bigger dog, dogs are just smaller horses.

Travis: Travis, are you sure you havent seen Zootopia?

Justin:  You got the message.

Griffin: You got it, dude, like you got– its a great– You should watch it cause youve already got its good message in your heart, so...

Travis: Then I guess I dont need it.  Thats how I look at movies, do I already know that that thing is bad? I dont need that movie, Ive got it, I already know to guard the galaxy thank you, very much.

Justin: I, uh, have a new segment on the show.

Griffin: Is it just another question, or is it like a new–

Justin: No, its a new segment I invented. Its called, uh, Guy Another Day, and its a Guy Fieri update, just like checkin in on guy. Guy Fieri, see what hes into.

Griffin: Alright.


Travis: Wait, like minute by minute, like right now, what is he doing?

Justin: No, just when he does something notable.

Travis: Okay.


Justin: My wife sent me a quote from a real interview that Guy Fieri did with, uh, a Vice property called Munchies, and they asked him where Flavortown was. Have you guys seen this?

Griffin: No!

Travis: No, but I would really like to make guesses to his answer.

Justin: Just. Fucking. Hold on. For literally probably the quote of your life.

Griffin: Oh, my god.

Justin: I want this to be my eulogy. Okay, here we go. "On camera, I once said, ‘This pizza looks like a manhole cover in Flavortown."

Griffin:  Im sorry, I know thats not the funny part of the quote, but I hadnt heard that one before.

Justin: "Willy Wonka had a chocolate stream, yknow? So, its taking these iconic food items, these iconic food moments, and giving them a home. They all live in Flavortown."

Griffin:

Justin: "Its like one of those things in the Matrix, you can only get down with Flavortown if you believe in Flavortown. I have people walk up to me and say ‘Hey! Im a citizen of Flavortown! I have people that wanna pledge to be a city councilmember of Flavortown, or the mechanic, it doesnt stop."

Griffin: "Their names are Justin, Travis, and Griffin McElroy, they email me every week!"

Justin: "What would be the airline of Flavortown? A sausage airline."

Travis: Wait, he said that?

Justin: Im reading the fuckin quote!

Travis: He within his own statement about Flavortown.

Griffin: Hes answering his own questions to flesh out the universe!



Justin: What would be the airline of flavortown?

Travis: What would be the titles of the Star Wars movies in Flavortown?

Justin: Sausage airlines? It just doesnt stop. I just said it.



Justin: And you people heard it.

Travis: It goes all the way up to the top.

Justin: Heres the fuckin cherry on this bad boy. "Of course, theres no Flavortown, unless you believe in it."

Griffin: Oh my god, you scared me so bad, cause of course I do, like you scared me fuckin really, really bad for a second there, Guy.

Travis: What do you think – as long as were going down this hypothetical road, Mr. Fieri – what do you think mayoral elections are like in Flavortown? Do you think its based on whose most flavorful, who can bring like protect the most flavor? Who can bring the most flavor from outside– Is it like, "Ive traveled afar and Ive brought you new flavors to Flavortown," or is like, "Pizza the Hut the mayor of Flavortown?"

Griffin: I think– I think we get, I think theres an electoral college system, just on a very local, hyperlocal level.

Travis: Mhm.

Griffin: And I think that results in two candidates, and then they have a buffalo wing eating contest.



Travis: Do you think– what role does Mr. Fieri play in–

Griffin: He doesnt.

Travis: –the politics of the running of Flavortown?

Griffin: Doesnt, doesnt, doesnt. Are you fucking kidding me? Guy Fieri wandered into Flavortown as one might wander into Narnia, and discovered its dark secret, he was transformed by, um, by a– by a satyr, um, and–

Travis: Interesting.


Griffin: –and then he returned to us through through his, uh, magic pizza oven? that he climbed out of and he uh he somebody was like, "What the fuck happened to your hair and face and body?" And he was like, "I dont know, it got wild over there!"

Travis: "These sunglasses are fused to the back of my head!"

Griffin: Yeah, and then–


Justin: Theyre hot– those are covering the eyes that he uses to watch his back constantly in case Flavortown comes for him. ‘Cause they do send– theyre called reclaimers, and what they do is they escape Flav– they are given permission to walk in our world.

Travis & Griffin: Mhm.


Justin: And if you speak of Flavortown, then theyre– theyre hunting you, theyre basically hunting people who, uh, can– can let their secret be known.

Travis: But then, Justin, why does Mr. Fieri, uh, like, why does he draw their wrath, he could just stay quiet about Flavortown?

Griffin: Oh, cause he stole their fuckin secrets.

Justin: ‘Cause he– and hes also very good with his spark lance, thats one of the weapons that he took from Flavortown.



Justin: From the armory, and  when the reclaimers come for Guy Fieri–

Travis: Mhm.

Justin: –he uses the spark lance that he stole from Flavortown to defend himself.

Travis: Mm, and thats why he must always be on the move, moving from diner to drive-in to dive, and never stopping, never sleeping.

Justin: Thats right, thats why they played the sad Incredible Hulk music at the end of every episode of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, cause hes on the way. Hes gotta keep on the move cause theyre always looking for him.

Travis: This does make sense, cause I went to a restaurant not two days ago that had one of those like Guys Been Here panels.

Griffin: Mhm.

Travis: And I always thought that was like, cause they were on the show and now im thinking its like a memorial plaque, cause he finished filming and then fought off like four reclaimers saved all of our lives.

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: Yeah, if they see, if you ever see one of those plaques, ke– just stay near it for a while, and eventually youll see someone come in that looks like a predator made out of fettuccine alfredo.

Griffin: Yeah.


Travis: Mhm.

Justin: And thats a reclaimer.

Travis:  Fettu-dor?

Griffin: Its just–

Justin: Sorry?

Travis: A fettu-dor? ‘Cause its fettuccine?

Griffin: Nah, nah, nah.

Justin: Mm.

Travis: Maybe its made of feta, would that be better?

Griffin: Not really, its so– Its just Guy, and his hot rod, and his spark lance just driving from place to place, just trying to find the secret thats gonna get the Flavortown, um, reclaimers off his back. And really, um, the last Final Fantasy game was loosely based off of Guy Fieris story, um, it was his kind of like a cool crossover.

Travis: Heres what the history books dont tell you: There was actually a time which Flavortown and our world were one.

Griffin: Interesting.

Travis: And they actually were torn apart, though there is a small like venn diagram overlap in the pizza oven that Mr. Fieri uses to travel betwixt the two planes. Now, Mr. Fieri is trying to draw them back into overlap.

Justin: That world was called the personal pangea, right?

Travis: Correct, and–



Travis: Mr. Fieri is trying to bring the two worlds back into alignment, but now the government of Flavortown realizes that if that happens, they will lose all the control over their delicious citizens that–

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: –theyve come to rely on and really bask in, so theyre trying to stop the convergence, the flavor convergence.

Griffin: The flavor singularity, cause its gonna ha– If hes unsuccessful, its gonna happen, and were gonna get like a shot of like a 8-year-old in Iowa or somethin and she bites into a crisp a honeycrisp apple, and just fuckin pizza sauce spills out of it, shes like, "Momma, somethings wrong!" And then you look up into the sky and its just noodles, zesty noodles fallin out–

Travis: Well, thats the thing is, like, right now everything you taste is maybe one percent of what the actually flavor–

Griffin: You would die, you would die, if you got a fuckin unfiltered Flavortown you would be destroyed, absolutely.

Travis: This is like The Giver, right? Only Mr. Fieri remembers flavor, and he has to tell us about it, because flavors been removed from our lives, but if this convergence happened, the flood of flavor would knock your tongue out the back of your head.

Griffin: Yeah.

Travis: And im not speaking metaphorically here.

Justin: Yeah, it would knock your tongue— the secret is, and the thing that theyre really trying to keep him from, is there is a tower that connects our world–

Travis: Mhm.

Justin: –to Flavortown, and in order to get to it you have to follow— they call ‘em cream beams, theyre beams made of different creams, sauces–

Griffin: Yeah.

Justin: –and you can follow them to the tower that unites–

Griffin: To the–

Justin: –our reality and Flavortown.

Travis: And the man who controls the tower is the Sauce-eror.

Justin: The sauceror–

Griffin: The sauceror is–

Travis: He defends the cream beams, but he also, like, tries to keep interlopers out, yknow? So he has to sneak past the Sauceror to get into Flavortown every time– Its truly a miraculous tale when you really sit down and think about it.

Justin: If I can just stop for a second, cause we always forget to do this, T-M. 

All: T-M, T-M, T-M, T-M,

Griffin: Wait, no, sorry, we cant T-M Guy Fieri, im sorry, fellas.

Travis: Well?

Griffin: No, we cant do that!

Justin: Okay, but its fair use, T-M Big Giant Head LLC, T-M us, dont steal this one. This ones got– this ones got cinematic potential, this one– this ones a movie.

Travis: This ones our moneymaker, this is the one we can finally retire on.

Griffin: Can we make a movie about the Sauceror who controls the all-pillar that connects out world to Flavortown, and our cotette across the cream beams, without including Mr. Fieri at all? Cause I dont– I dont actually know that that could be a good hang.

Justin: I feel like the storys bigger than him at this point, yknow, I feel like, yknow, if he wont get on board, someone will.

Travis: Well make our main character Gee Fiery.

Justin: Oh, thats good. Listen, if were gonna fund this film, were gonna need some outside investment, and to just as a, to get that kickstarted, uh, lets head on over to the Money Zone.



Travis: Do you wanna shave your goatee? Sure, we all do. Hi, Im Travis McElroy, speaking specifically to Guy Fieri now.

Justin & Griffin: Laugh

Travis: This week were sponsored by Harrys. Mr, Fieri, I really think that this may be the product for you. That pesky facial hair, youve tried everything. Youve tried clippers, youve tried hedge trimmers, youve tried like sheep-

Griffin: Youve used the spark lance like, be honest.

Travis: And nothing has worked. Well, might I recommend harrys razors. When you- i-i-its got 5 german-engineered blades, a lubricating strip, flex-hinge for comfortable glide, trimmer blade for hard-to-reach places like your- the back of your head where your glasses are fused to, and weighted ergonomic handle. Harrys started with just two guys, Jeff and Andy, and they bought a factory with a hundred years of blade-making experience so they could make their own high-quality razors, sell them online ,and ship them directly for half the price. You dont have to go to stores and wait for someone to unlock a cage and pay yknow fifty dollars for two blades, instead just check it out, all that stuff I mentioned, the five blades, the lubrica- thats two dollars a blade!


Thats such an amazing deal. And harrys is so confident in the quality of their blades they want you to try their most popular trial set for free, comes with the razor handle of you choice, five blade cartridges, and shaving gel. Its free when you sign up, just pay a small for shipping. If you want to redeem that trial, go to harrys.com, h a r r y s.com slash my brother right now, thats harrys.com slash my brother.

Griffin: Uh can I talk about blue apron because its really- I like it a lot.

Travis: Yes

Griffin: Im just gonna do it, I dont need to bother asking for permission Folks, when you eat blue apron you will think you have stolen the secrets of Flavortown for yourself, which is ridiculous, because you would almost certainly be destroyed by the- by the, you know, the woodland satyrs and um the fairy circles, you would be trapped in their endless dance. But you, they are gonna send you the most flavorful food without having to risk this deadly journey, this deadly uh voyage, um for less than 10 bucks per person per meal!


And what they send is seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients that you can use to make delicious home-cooked meals, stuff like salmon piccata with orzo and broccoli, pork chops in miso butter with bok choy and marinated apple, vegetable chili and baked sweet potatoes with crispy tortilla strips. Sometimes these featured upcoming meals, really, uh, almost every time they are stuff that we havent gotten yet, and so this is like actually an exciting sneak preview for me, a die-hard Blue Apron subscriber, like "Oo, Pork Chops and Miso Butter, dont mind it I do!"


 its really great Ive had it goin for, I feel like almost a year now and I didnt know how to cook very good uh beforehand and now im getting pretty good and im im IM love I love cooking and it was like a thing I never thought I would sorta get good at. Um, so its its really great and you can check out this weeks menu and get your first three meals for free with free shipping by going to blue apron.com slash my brother, all one word, uh youre gonna love how good it feels and tastes o create incredible home-cooked meals with blue apron so dont wait, thats blue apron.com slash my brother. Blue apron: A better way to cook.

Justin: I gotta message for Valley and its from David, it says: "Hey, Valley! Hello! Talking to you right now, Valley, I am in fact speaking from inside the mouth of a McElroy brother.  ‘s a disturbing image. I have to say, it feels pretty good in here. Happy birthday, Valley. I hope you have a good day, and that your tentacles can continue to creep into all sorts of places over the next year. You are absolutely amazing."

Griffin: Well that goes- it goes some places.

Justin: That went- yeah, that took my mouth some places, I dont like the idea that im an automaton in like a Meet Dave scenario but, its fine. Happy, um, happy birthday

Griffin: Birthday, its a birthday one.

Justin: That one was by me, by the ay, no one made me do that.

Griffin: Um, I have a message from Daniel and its from your older sister Julia who says: "Happiest Birthday to my fourth favorite brother. Thanks for infecting me with MBMBAM Mania, youre one of the smartest and funniest people I know, and you have excellent taste in podcast, motorcycles, tattoos, and mmmmmusic! I dont know why that has a bunch of ms

Justin: Its written that way

Griffin: Yeah "Only a few more years until were in a nursing home together, day-drinking and wearing diapers"  thats the dream. "I love you very much."

Travis: Yknow Griffin, you on a very recent episode of Rose Buddies talked about how like the different uh the different jumbotrons for each show had their own kind of like themes, you know?

Griffin: Yeah

Travis: And with rose buddies its like all about love and adventure zone it all about

Griffin: All dnd groups, yeah

Travis: On My Brother, My Brother and Me, we have a recurring like, gentle insult thing

Griffin: Yeah

Travis: That happens like ‘youre my fourth favorite brother and ‘you have tentacles

Griffin: Its good natured ribbing but its also like psychosexual control over us, and like, the glee that people feel like, Im making a McElroy say stuff! Mm, it feels good in this soft mouth!

Justin: Its very upsetting.

Griffin: Its, I mean, yeah.

Travis: Thank you for your support-

Griffin: Thank you for your support-

Travis: If you want to control our mouths, you can go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron-

Griffin: And then cry because theres nothing

Justin: Yeah, but not for this year

Griffin: You can weep and gnash your teeth!



Justin: Uh, weve only done one question, so Im gonna do another question

Travis: Yeah…

Griffin: Well what about a Yahoo?

Justin: But weve only done one question, and you did two Yahoos.

Griffin: Thats a good point.

Justin:  I started dating my longtime friend recently. I noticed a horseback riding trophy on his dresser and asked him about it. He said that as a youth, he did trick riding and could even do handstands while the horse was in motion. When asked to do a handstand, he refused, saying its easier to do on a horse. Brothers, is my new boyfriend a liar?

Griffin: Mm dammit

Justin: How can I get him to back up his claims of sick tricks? Thats from Riding High or Hiding Lies in Kings Country- county, Kings County

Griffin: Ah, dammit, I got so excited, because you said youre dating your longtime friend and in my mind I was just like ‘ah, what a love! but then- this is a, this is a pretty big lie, like this is a pretty major lie and it shows it tells you that this person is willing to lie about any- if theyll lie about this, theyll lie about literally anything for fun.

Travis: But they do have a trophy…

Griffin: Sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh.Okay. I will not deny the fact that it is possible to handstand while riding on a horse. I think its gonna require a pretty fuckin good jockey a pretty fucking good horse. A broad horse

Justin: Laughs

Griffin: That has a little-

Travis: A flat back

Griffin: A really flat back, a literal pommel horse, is what were talking about here. Is it easier to do that on the ground that doesnt have shifting meat and bones inside it? No no no no no of course not. No.

Travis: Griffin, counterpoint, counterpoint, counterpoint

Griffin:  mm this is gonna have to be a fuckin pretty good counterpoint!

Travis: Perhaps, this boyfriend

Griffin: Mm

Travis: From birth, was only trained to handstand on a horse, they have never done it on a flat surface before.

Griffin: Mmm

Justin: There is no-

Travis: So its like theyve only like, maybe theyre, maybe hes from a family of fucking trick riders because otherwise how do you accidentally get into it? How, if your family is not horse people, do you at like 6 be like "Mom, Dad, parents, folks, I wanna trick ride." And your parents are like "OK"

Justin: Travis I love you and I know this is all for the joke and its a joke show full of goofs and spoofs, theres no reality in which the first time you try a handstand its on a horse! That simply does not track!

Griffin: Can not be done

Justin: It cannot!-

Travis: Youre right, youre right. A pony. You have to grow up together to establish that trust, thank you, Justin. You are right. At two years old-

Griffin: He did-

Travis: -you had a new foal, you handstand on the foal, you grow-

Justin: It died! You gotta get a new one

Griffin: The pony died, the pony is- I think if you try to do a handstand on a pony and you die, I think the pony is also sort of sumerilly killed



Griffin: I think the ponys also destroyed.  "You killed my boy!" "You killed-:

Justin: You weak-backed baby horse!

Travis: Laughs

Justin: Its just not-

Griffin: It cant be done! Its not-

Justin: I dont know-okay, the two things that bother me the most about this: 1) he has objectively lied by saying its easier on a horse, that is, thats a lie. Good on you for your lie detector going off. As far as proof, there is no reality in which if I did a handstand on a horse I would not be wearing a shirt that says "Take your fuckin phone out and get ready to take a picture of this sick shit Im about to do" everybody would be ready to take a picture of me doing a handstand on a horse if I was about to do that

Travis: Oo!

Justin: Absolutely, there would be pictures

Travis: Okay, alternate theory, alternate theory I have now: This boyfriend is hiding a traumatic handstand horse event similar to-

Griffin: Theyre all traumatic, theyre all– theres been tops four non-traumatic handstand horse activities.

Travis: But this is just like in the Kingkiller Chronicles when its like "folk doesnt do magic anymore, doesnt play music" and were all like "hmm"

Griffin: What happened

Travis: "But why?" in Book Three of your relat- Book One was ‘LongTime Friends", Book Two, "Boyfriend", Book Three—in Book Three of your relationship with this person, youre gonna find out what happened and oh, its gonna be so- 

Justin: So good

Travis: Listen, I dont wanna build this up, I dont wanna give you false hope, its gonna be the sickest storyyouve ever heard

Justin: It doesnt matter how long it takes Book Three of our relationship to come out, it could take-

Griffin:  take, take your time, Horse Handstand Patrick Rothfuss, take your time and polish it up

Justin: Take your time, get it ready

Griffin: Get it ready for us

Justin: Dont be rushed

Griffin: No pressure

Justin: But,

Griffin: But

Justin: Its gonna be the fucking sickest shit ever

Griffin:  now, in the meantime, dont press youre your partner too hard here because the this this silence is his, hell give you the story when hes ready for it.

Justin: I-

Travis: But its gonna be so-

Griffin: But its gonna be-

Travis: Incredible!

Justin: Incredible.

Griffin: Do you guys wanna Yahoo?

Justin: Yes, please, yes.

Griffin: Um, this one, well, theres another one thats like ‘gimme a name for a thing, but I feel like we- well we didnt really do that with the jeans cause you fellas didnt really wanna play along, you didnt play my game. Lets just do this one- maybe well do two more! This ones from Erheim Weizessa, that you Eairheim, its from Yahoo answers user Anonymous, so im gonna say..also Joey. Joey is a very curious young man. Joey asks:
"Whats a good name for a posh all-boys school?"

Travis: Pesto pants

Griffin: Travis, God

Justin: Saucy slacks

Griffin: I fucking cant believe you guys!

Justin: Okay, a good name for a fancy boys school.

Griffin: Like if you-

Travis: Wait was it posh or fancy?

Griffin: Posh all-boys school. If youre about to become the headmaster of

Travis: Mhm

Griffin: I think that thats thats I think we can all agree thats the dream. How bout "Professor Xaviers School for OK Kids"?

Justin & Travis: Laughs

Griffin: And you can go and you can still get the patch and yes we do have um a cool futuristic jet, but um-

Justin: How bout-

Griffin: The kids are just kind of OK

Justin: How bout ‘Lord Zachary Quillingtons Institute for Refinement and Math, also Math"

Griffin: Also math- well, maths

Justin: Maths

Griffin: If were gonna get fancy on it

Justin: Fancy

Travis: How about Benedict Cumberbatchs Home for Sharp-Faced Boys

Justin & Griffin: Laugh

Justin:  welcome, so glad you could join us

Griffin: Is that him?

Justin: Im Bembledict Cumberbatch

Griffin: Laughs

Justin: You! Doughy-faced young man, how did you get in! Get this dough boy out!  Round features!

Travis: I shall leave you in the competent hands of my co-teacher, Eddie Redmayne

Griffin: And then Eddie Redmayne just kind of like morphs out of him, they just sort of like cellularly divide and then theyre…um,

Travis: And our sister Toba Swinton

Griffin: Yes, all of- yes, excellent


Justin: Take yourself to Brendan Gleesons School for Round Boys


Justin: Thats where you belong, at Brenans Institute of Ill Repute, tough fuckin when that dogebal game happens-

Griffin: Thats exactly what I was about to say, this fuckin go cart race, yes

Travis: And think of the hilarious like, one of the sharp faced boys gets hit by a ball, ball deflates, thats

Justin: Ball deflates, hysterical

Travis: Thats solid!

Griffin: Fucking great. I dont even- were done, no need to go further into this one!

Justin: Yep, thats great, we answered that, we helped that person. We helped someone.

Justin: I live in a college dorm, and an improv group recently started meeting every night

Griffin: No thats too much improv. Thats too much of it!

Justin: Its too much! The pro- take it from somebody who tried to do  that for three weeks straight, making a TV show, thats too much!

Griffin: You cant do that!

Justin: We cant be funny all of it! My problem is their improv is really bad. I used to use the common room to cook dinner for myself, but its hard to focus on cooking the food that I need to live while theyre literally rolling around on the ground in front of me

Griffin: Oh no

Justin: These are people that I need to face in cass the next day, how can I cope? Thats from Just Hungry In Baltimore

Griffin: Oh fuckin shit

Justin: Thats a legit problem

Travis: At what point if one is constantly doing improv, does that differ from just, living your life every day?

Justin: Woah.

Griffin: Woah. Wait, what?

Justin: Wait, what?

Travis: Well cause like every day-

Justin: That sounded insightful and then my other brain is like


Griffin: Yeah your left lobe was like nah nah nah that was dumb

Justin: That didnt make any sense

Travis: But what Im saying is if you walk into these people doing this, every day, and you leave and theyre still doing it, how do you know that theyre, like, doing an event, and that this is just not the way theyve chosen to live their lives?

Griffin: It doesnt fucking matter! Im trying to make a fuckin- im trying to make my spaghetti over here, can you st- can you not! You just bumped into me doing a little skit about like how how you guys are are shoveling coal and do a train engine, oh you fuckin punched me! You did that, why are you doing improv right fuckin next to me while im trying to live my life

Justin: You know they are so desperate for inputs and prompts that they are definitely gonna incorporate- "Hey-a, Luigi, pass-a me the sauce over here, Im got to put the pepper in it! like can you just not

Griffin: Please, please "Oh, oh, instant ramen again, uh-oh! I dont know why Im doing-" Michael you dont need to do that voice right now. "Youre right, youre right"

Justin: The problem with cooking your dinner is every night you have to come equipped with a readily available place, career, and funny situation, just call it out, anybody, anybody- Im the only one here!

Travis: Its like the weirdest three billy goats gr- answer me these riddles three: A place, a profession, and a food!

Griffin: This stinks!

Travis: Maybe this is like their answer to improv anywhere, and this is like improv in one specific place forever.

Justin: Improv-

Griffin: Improv where you are, here, improv here now, now here.

Travis: Improv where Jim is, making spaghetti

Griffin: Improv at Jim! Just dont- improv should be, I get uncomfortable-

Travis: Jimprov, I just had to say it

Griffin: Jimprov, fuckin shit. I get uncomfortable with the improv everywhere stuff cause like, improv should be a thing that I agree to, I am- I am going to go to an improv tonight, I said while living in Chicago not so much here in Austin, tonight I will go to an improv, and I would go to it. It cannot come to me, cause I am doing other things right now.

Justin:  I dont have time for you, improv!

Griffin: Oh, time to watch the season finale of lost! "Aaah are you sure? Ding-dong! Coo-coo, coo-coo!  somebody feed that duck!" "Stop it! Stop, I gotta know what happens to Sawyer!"



Griffin: Pbbt uh oh my toilets broke! Ive got it, dont worry about it! Wre, wre, wre! Stop stabbing me, hes stabbin me! A ha ha, no Im not stabbing you, Im aaaaaaaa improv! Can you not do this? Im in a movie with my with my kid, were seeing Trolls 2! Can you fuckin please not do this in the movies right now! Scuse me sir, Id like to see your ticket or else Ill have to kick you off the train!



Griffin: Stop it!

Justin: Its not a train!

Griffin: Its not a train Im at Trolls 2 with my kid! Please!

Travis: Oh you gotta take this an turn it to your advantage, like "Oh I cant wait to see Trolls 2, Im not able to go tonight," yknow. And you go to the common room and just shout out ‘trolls 2



Griffin: Thats good

Justin: Can you guys do how you think trolls 2 goes? Let me walk you through Trolls 1:Okay, so the Bergens have to eat Trolls to be happy, now get comfortable theres a lot of twists and turns.

Griffin: Sighs

Justin: I dont see anybody taking notes. Uh, folks thats gonna do it for us on our improv show My Brother, My Brother and Me

Griffin: If you do improv I hope I didnt upset you just then, never did it, dont quite understand the craft, I know its not all people doing make-believe professions on each other but

Justin: Yes, theres heralds involved, I know that.

Griffin: Yup, yup

Justin: Thats part of it. Uh, anyway, thank you, for listening, um, so weve got a TV show now, uh, its on a service called Seeso, you can get Seeso at Seeso.com that s e e s o dot com uh they got a free week so you can go check it out and see what you think, theres a ton of great stuff on there and I think youre just gonna go gaga over it

Travis: Included-

Justin: In addition to our show- sorry, Travis?

Travis: I was gonna say, if youve already checked it out, like ‘I already watched the show, we just put up a deleted scenes and a like an eight minute blooper reel for the first episode, and theyre gonna be more of that coming, so even though that like all six episodes went up on the same day theres gonna be more bonus content coming out periodically

Justin: Yeah were talking like, like fifteen minutes of stuff went up today so theres a lot on there. Theyve got an app, uh, you can get on the Roku and Apple Store and you can watch through Amazon Prime and you can subscribe to Seeso through that, but, uh, check it out, its a great service and the feedback to our show has been just- everybodys been really really kind about it and we just really really appreciate it.


If it came together at all by the way it has uh only like partially to do with us and mainly to do with like the amazing people that we were working with, like Greg, Jackie, JD, Seth, and Alex, and every- and you, and everybody, Steve and everybody who worked on the show so thank you to all them and thank you, to yall for watching it, um, and letting us know what you think.

Travis: I personally thank you, to everybody for watching it and sharing it with friends, weve seen a lot of like listening parties, lot of people tweeting it like ‘I sat down with my wife and shes never listened to the show before and she-‘ that kind of stuff makes me so happy, to see like people not only supporting our show but also like supporting other people seeing it, it makes me feel very warm and fuzzy inside so thank you, very much

Griffin: Um, I wanna thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song its a departure off the album putting the days to bed which, boy, I hope youve purchased that album in some way now, theyve been letting us use it for almost 350 episodes, and its a really good album and I think youre really gonna dig it

Travis: We also wanna say go check out all the other amazing shows at maximum fun dot org, theres a ton on there, a lot of them were on but uh all of them are great Im a big fan of every show on the network, no exageration, coming up is the max fun drive which well tell ya all about, but if youre new to the show, since last March-ish weve got a chance for you coming up to help support this show and the other shows on max fun that you love, so stay tuned for that. Um, the important thing is theres gonna be a lot of bonus content nd a lot of new stuff for you to listen to so its a very exciting time.

Griffin: Um, anything- oh, you can go to McElroy shows.com also if you want to check out all the stuff were involved in, I just made- squarespace is not a sponsor this week but I made my own website in Squarespace over the weekend so if you just-

Travis: It looks so good, Griffin.

Justin: Thank you, Travis!

Justin: Its a great website.

Travis: Its so good that it made me feel like I need to update travismcelroy.com.

Griffin: griffinmcelroy.com for a long time was just referring to my tumblr that I never fucking used, and I, it was embarrassing, so...

Travis: And Justin McElroy.com is for ah canadian reporter I believe.

Griffin: Do you have dot org?

Justin: Uh, yeah, he got, he got to the dot com and we havent talked about that recently but um, I dont really appreciate-

Griffin: I think dot org might be available.

Justin: Uh.

Travis: Or dot pizza.

Justin: I should get– I used to have a web– I did have a website.

Griffin: You had one for a bit, though.

Justin: Yeah, I had one for gr– I mean, I have my Wordpress.

Griffin: Yeah, its weird.

Justin: But I dont know, its weird, anyway. Um, I dont update the Wordpress either, so dont go hunting for it, except on Christmas I do update it at Christmas time with my favorite playlist. Im looking at it right now, its all I have, just Christmas playlists. That is– thats all. Theres no more of the show, so.

Griffin: Mkay.

Justin: This is the end of it.

Griffin: Heres a final Yahoo from Jeffery Corbella, thank you, Jeffrey. Its Yahoo Answers user... please just give me one fuckin– Okay, uh, Arter…arter usas key…ah man I dont know. Thank you, whatever your name is. Asks, "Im a fan of Kevin Costner. Can any of you beat that?"

