Justin: We were supposed to talk about, uh, Eurovision, this morning, and then I realized I didn’t have anything funny to say about it, except: Sweden was robbed, uh… by Portugal. It was a, like, an actual robbery, perpetrated on the world stage, it was heartbreaking.


Travis: Yeah, the Swedish song about premature ejaculation is amazing and should have won


Griffin: Now, it was called “I Can’t Go On”, I don’t think they were talking about… that nut. ‘Cus I’m pretty sure—


Travis: [interrupting loudly] He’s talking about- he’s talking about that it makes him wanna take off all his clothes, and that the person he’s singing to is so beautiful that he can’t go on, and he’s gotta keep it together.


Griffin: I’m saying Eurovision has a vetting process, to make sure that nut-songs don’t… get through.


Travis: Griffin, I’m sorry, this is not a joke I am making. The Sweden song is about premature ejaculation, and trying to “hold back”.


Justin: You guys are talking about that, and it reminded me of a much more important fact, is that… uh… I watched “50 Shades of Grey” last night.


Travis and Griffin: [burst out laughing]


Griffin: Talking ‘bout that nut, though!


Justin: Sydnee and I had a good post-Eurovision drunk going, and… we decided to keep up the fun —


Griffin: —to catch the Zeitgeist.


Justin: “50 Shades of Grey”, the orig, ‘cause two, uh, “50 Shades Darker” just came out on iTunes, but we didn’t watch that one, we watched “50 Shades” one.


Hey, everybody? That shit is… buck-wild. How did we let that happen? Is that where things kind of got away from us, I worry? D’you guys— here’s the most prevalent, the most important fact about “50 Shades,” and when I brought it up to Sydnee, because it is ludicrous, she said: “Oh, well, that’s from the book.” So here’s what it is: He has a room, called the playroom, right? Christian Grey—


Griffin: Well, that sounds fun!


Travis: And that’s where he keeps Chairy and Floory and Clocky…


Justin: [laughing] And Harnessy, and Buttpluggy. No, but he… she says: “Is that where you keep your XBox?”


Griffin: [doing a deep voice] “Hey, will you play me a cartoon?”

[normal voice] “Alright Buttpluggy!”


Justin: [laughing] You’re the boss! “Is that where you keep your Xbox” and he says “No”, but I thought it’d be rad if he was like, “Well, yes, but also sex stuff.” [Griffin laughs]


Travis: [laughing] “Well, yeah, but I don’t have a lot of space!”


Justin: “And I don’t have many of the newest games, also” but when he—


Griffin: [interrupts] “I have Madden 11!”


Justin: When he goes in there, and he says to her: “You’re gonna be my sex-person, you’re my submissive, and you’re my sex-person” she has to like, get on the ground on all fours with like a blindfold—


Griffin: —and Floory is like, “What’s up?”


Justin: And she’s all naked, um, but then, and that’s like “and you just wait for me”, and then when he comes in—


Travis: [interrupts] —he’s got a sandwich, he’s like: “Oh, sorry, forgot you were there.”


Justin: This man, um, is wearing sex jeans. And what I’m saying to you is that—


Travis: Wait…


Justin: —he has discrete jeans for sex, that are ripped. So he’s not wearing the sex jeans at the beginning of the scene. He leaves the room and comes back in, wearing sex jeans, that he does not remove.


Griffin: [with dawning understanding] Oh.


Justin: He just wears the sex jeans the entire time he is in the playroom with Buttpluggy and the Xbox and everything.


Griffin: Uh, I just saw a Skype notification that you’ve sent me a link, and I think this might be one that I don’t wanna...


Justin: No, just check it out.


Travis: No, I’m gonna have to click on it.


Justin: Yeah, it’s just, if you get a visual of him, it’s just like, it looks like Incredible Hulk, post-transformation. With like, torn sex jeans. That this gentleman wears all the time.


Griffin: A quick diversion to Express and now I’m gonna fall into the Gap, if you know what I’m saying.


Justin: Yeah. If… there is a… he never takes the sex jeans off. He just wears sex jeans all the time!


Travis: Is he a never-nude?


Justin: Apparently he’s a never-nude, is what is—


Travis: God, that would be such a fucking twist. If in “Shades of Grey”  he was like: “But I’m… I just want you to know, I wanna do all kinds of sex stuff with you. I’m not comfortable being naked, though, and I will have to turn the lights off.”


Griffin: “I just wanna rub my… wormy up against… this carpenter-cut denim, is my whole…”


Travis: “These sweet JNCOs”


Griffin: “Sign this contract, I’m gonna wear— and line A, 1.A, sort of the first – the preamble is basically about: These jeans never coming off! These jeans are mine… And I need them.”


Travis:  “And the sex contract is written out on my jeans.”


Griffin: “It’s on my jeans.”


Justin: “They’re prescription jeans, and I need these. For everything.” Um… it’s pretty good, it’s pretty great, um, all of the movie is excellent—


Griffin: Can I ask, can I ask you a question?


Justin: Anything. Ask me anything, AMA! I watched all of 50 Shades of Grey drunk, AMA.


Griffin: Did it… [low voice] How horny did ya get?


Travis: Yeaaaaah!


Justin: [laughs nervously] … Did I mention the jeans?


Griffin: No, you did mention the jeans, but there— but you don’t have to be childish about it, it’s an adult movie for adults and obviously I’m— we’re all over 30 now and so we can talk about stuff like… your chubby.


Travis: We here at My Brother, My Brother and Me, we are sex positive, um, we have many listeners who are in, y’know, the S&M, uhh, dom— y’know sub-scene. That’s totally cool, Justin, so, however many boners you got—


Griffin: How many chubs did it get?


Justin: There’s no kink-shaming, there’s jean-shaming happening here! What I’m saying is: I’m sex positive, and Christian Grey is… nudity negative. He’s jeans-positive, and they cancel each other out


Travis: [talking over Justin] Guys, guys, guys: Kink-o jeans.


Griffin: Alright!


Justin: Very good.


Griffin: K-N-K-O, you gotta get’em. You can keep a fuckin’... Gameboy Advance SP in there, and also sex plugs for a butt! In there. To have fun with. Not your butt though! Your jeans are staying on! The jeans are staying on. But you can keep a full bag of jerky in those jeans.


Travis: Justin, were there openings? You said the jeans were ripped, were there openings in the jeans that allowed him to engage, or was this like: “Oh, I was going to buy, uh, like a Extreme Restraints, uh, cage for my penis, but I forgot to order it in time, and it won’t be here till Thursday, so I’m gonna do the next best thing, and put ’em in a denim prison.”


Justin: … No. No, he scooches them down below his penis like he’s peeing in the trough at a minor league baseball game. [Griffin laughs] Like, he just scooches them down to do it. To do the thing. To do the darn thing.


Griffin: Alright. A lot of avoiding the subject of the sort of chubby inquisition that Travis and I—


Justin: There’s no arousal! It’s negative arou— everyone in the movie is very attractive, right? The jeans kill every bit of eroticism. ‘Cus like, all I can feel for poor Dakota Johnson is, um, y’know… she, she has to be with a man in jeans. Always! Always!


Travis: Justin. Now you’ve made me wonder. I assume there’s more than one sex-scene in “50 Shades of Grey”. Do the jeans reappear every time? Is he like: “Wait, if we’re gonna do it, I’ll be right back.”


Justin: It’s not a single scene Travis. What I’m saying to you is, there’s a couple scenes in this playroom area, where like, the supposedly “taboo” things happen. And it, it… he’s always in the jeans! Every time he’s in the jeans!


Griffin: Maybe you saw a… were you watching this on STARZ at 7 PM and maybe these jeans were CGI’d in, so that like they could show it on STARZ, or…


Travis: Did he stub his toe and yell: “Aw, Weasel-lover!” ‘Cus that’s a pretty good—


Griffin: Maybe there’s a bit where he comes around a corner weird, and he kind of jukes real fast and the jeans take like half a second to catch up with his pubis… Was there much jeans-lag on the STARZ channel you were watching this on?


Justin: They were not animated cartoon jeans, um, there is a… She reveals to him, before he gets into his dark proclivities, she reveals to him that she’s a virgin. And his reaction to that is to scoop her up, and she says: “What are you doing?” and he says, I quote: “I’m rectifying the situation.”


Griffin: Yeyoooo!


Travis: Urgh.


Griffin: Yeyooooooooo!


Justin: So when you talk about how many chubbies, that’s why it’s negative.


Griffin: Yabadaba-ding-dong-shoot, man, fuck!


Justin: It’s rough. Also, like she’s supposed to be, y’know, completely, uh, ignorant of this world, right?


Griffin: [skeptical] Yeaaaah.


Justin: He buys her a computer, and he says: “I hope you use this to do some research” and she texts him and says: “What should I search?” And he says: “Try submissive”. And it’s like… whoah, okay, I know she’s ignorant of S/M, but is she ignorant of, like, Google? Like, is he gonna give her a like Boolean walkthrough right now of like, how to get information about S/M? It seems unlikely


Travis: Justin, having been—


Justin: Just wait, I need to finish this one point before we move on. Uh, they take her ignorance of the S/M lifestyle to the absolute extreme. Because when they’re going through the sex contract, and she’s eliminating the genital clamps from the contract, as something that, like, is good for her, she asks him, and this is a direct quote: “What’s a butt plug?” And I wanted to sit down with her at that point, and just walk into the movie, “Purple Rose of Cairo”-style, and be like: “Hey, Dakota? What do you think a butt plug is?”


Travis: Also, this is, what, 2015? If you have not contextually picked up in the world, the concept of butt plugs? Like, I don’t have a lot of butt plug experience—


Justin: I don’t care, Travis, you could go into fucking caveman times, and if it’s called a [speaking slowly] butt plug. It’s, probably, we are going to figure it out.


Griffin: It’s a special type of cup that you use for tea. [admonishingly] Nooooo! It’s a silly little guy, and it gets in there, and it holds it all up or in or whatever. I’m not sure what the function is, but I, I bet it feels fucking great. [mock exasperated] Damn, now I’m all rock-hard, talking about all this… junk. I’m kind of in disbelief of how long we’ve been talking about 50 Shades of Grey in May 14th 2017 AD the year of our Lord Christ Jeeezus.


Justin: I just, I feel bad for… I feel very bad for people who, uh, S&M is a fetish for them. Because, if this is the world’s touchstone for your thing, that’s not—


Griffin: It’s not good.


Justin: Yeah, it is a negative, I think, in terms of awareness.


Travis: It’s probably how I feel every time I go to a Superman Movie. And I’m like, “Yeaah! This time they’ll get it right!” And I always walk out, like: “No, I’m not into Superman, I don’t know why I was here. I’m embarrassed.”


Griffin: It’s as if someone went and saw “Space Jam”, and then went to a basketball game, and then was disappointed that no one was stretching their arms across half of the court to dunk it. Uh, while a bunch of big colorful monsters, uh, y’know hurt, uh, Bugs Bunny.


Justin: Okay, here’s a quick, I have not read this, but here’s a headline from Cosmopolitan— “In case you wanted to know what Christian Grey REALLY calls his sex jeans”. [pauses]


Griffin: … well, what’s he call them? Fucking tell me, now!


Justin: Are you guys ready?


Travis: Yaaas?


Justin: Uh, this is from the book: “In my closet, I strip off all my clothes. And from a drawer, pull out my favorite jeans. My DJ’s. Dom Jeans.”


Griffin: [burst out laughing] Happy Mother’s Day, everybody, go out, get to fucking J. Crew, get to Express, and go pick up a new pair of Dom Jeans, you’re gonna love these things, they’re so comfortable.


Travis: Is it possible, is it possible, is it juust possible, that we’re having this conversation and we’re gonna get like 5,000 emails that are like: “Yeah, Dom Jeans. Yeah!”


Justin: I don’t care. I don’t, I will take that. Because you know what? Just because this is part of S&M culture, if it is, it can’t be! If it is… cultures can grow and evolve! By definition! I, an outsider, will help you past this, S&M culture. You cannot have Dom Jeans. One! It sounds like Mom Jeans! Exactly like Mom Jeans! Dom Jeans!


[continues reading from book] “I slipped them on and fastened all the buttons, except the top one. From the same drawer I retrieved the new riding crop and a grey waffle robe. As I leave, I grab a few condoms and stuff them into my pocket. Here goes. Showtime.” [Griffin laughs]


Travis: Cowboy hat? Yes or no? Can’t decide, in the end, decide next time.


Justin: Wait a minute, is it possible he needs the jeans [breathless from laughter] to put condoms in? Like he doesn’t wanna walk into the room with a handful of condoms, ‘cause apparently he needs a few. He just has it! “What’s in here?”

“Oh [snorts] my condoms, and… some Bazooka Joe, and some chapstick”


Travis: “And 83 cents.”


Griffin: I’m looking— I just found the page you were on Justin, this book, I got the e-book on my Kindle now, I’m looking through it and... Let me just catch up to the… “Call ‘em my Dom Jeans”, “Put condoms in the pocket” Uh, “I don’t call them my Dom Jeans because I’m, uhh, a dominant in the sexual congress. I actually call them that, uh, because I got them from my friend, late great actor and television producer, Dom DeLuise.” That’s funny! That Dom DeLuise would get him sex, like, pants for sex, in it.


We’ve now spent a quarter of this episode talking about “50 Shades of Grey”, aaand, if we do any more, um… I think that, I might just like call this episode, like, 152 or something, drop it in sort of in media res. And so, it’ll be like sort of more chronologically appropriate. Uh, have you guys seen this dress, is it blue and black or white and gold? I’m so super confused!


Justin: Uh… OK, so, anyway, we’ll do a question now. ‘Cause apparently, I’m not allowed to talk about “50 Shades of Grey” anymore.


Travis: Is there never a moment when he comes out in the jeans, there has to be at least one, he’s probably had multiple partners. At least one partner probably had to have been like, “Aw, yeah, oh… uhhh. Christian? What’s the… [sucks teeth] What’s with the jeans? What’s the deal with the jeans?”


Justin: What he does is, he takes a woman in, and they sign the contract and then they live in his house. Um, in a special room for this. And she asks him like: “How many women have you had like this?” And he says: “15.” Which seems high, but maybe they’re not being scared off by the whips and stuff? Maybe it’s just like, uh, “I can’t with the jeans. I have to go. I have to leave.”


Travis: Is there a line in the contract that says, like: “I will not ask about the jeans”?


Justin: “Promise not to mention the jeans. Out loud.” The fact that it passes without comment, by the way, is the most ludicrous thing in the entire film. She comments about everything, she doesn’t know what butt plugs are, he walks in with jeans and she’s just like “Uh huh. That seems right.”


Griffin: Show— hey, showtime!


Travis: Uh, J-man, one more, one more, one more question that I—


Griffin: [very exasperated] Oh my God!


Travis: No, this has always eaten me up and now Justin could possibly answer this for me… Is the idea of “50 shades” of anything referenced in the book? What is the title based on?


Justin: [sighs] Travis. At one point he says, “You can’t love me” and she says, “Why?” and he says, he stares into a window very dramatically, and says, “‘Cause I’m 50 shades of fucked-up.” And that is where the title of the book comes from.


Travis: But… the name of the book isn’t “50 shades of Fucked Up” which would be a way better title!


Justin: That would be because, you could feel, apparently the book is… I have not read the book, apparently the writing, uh, leaves something to be desired. But you can feel with your entire being, when they have lifted a line directly from the book, because it sounds like that. It is written like that.


Griffin: Like the line, the first… I think it’s the masquerade scene when they sort of go away from the party and find a lil bedroom and he says: “I’m gonna rump me a good one.” And… she laughs? That’s literally, that’s page 169, which is funny, which is also kind of funny.


Justin: The weirdest part about the movie is… he only calls it porking, so every time it’s like,“Why are you so dark and disturbed?”


“‘Cause I like to spank while I pork.” And it’s, like, weird, th—that’s a weird way of putting it. So, here’s an actual question, I’m sorry. About all the 50 shades talk. But if you want me to watch 50 shades 2, and talk about it at some point—


Griffin: Nooope.


Travis: We’re gonna have to do some kind of, like, GoFundMe to make that happen, maybe donate some money to charity in order to make Justin, uhh, watch 50 shades— or maybe to make him not watch 50 shades 2, so we never have to talk about it again?


Griffin: I thought that was weird how in the movie every time he achieves climax, he yells, [high-pitched] “Toastyyy!” like the guy from Mortal Kombat. There’s like a lot of, like, it pulls from, it’s kind of like “Scott Pilgrim”, like it just pulls from all these different, like there’s so many, uh, like references to old video games.


Justin: It was originally Michael Cera, which is why they wrote the jeans in, ‘cause that was a request.


Griffin: [laughs]


Justin: Okay. “I’ve been trying to clear out the back of my closet and I ran into an issue, trying to deal with, well… I have these five very large posters of Orlando Bloom.”


Griffin: [laughs] One “Pirates of the Caribbean”, two “Lord of the Rings”, and two “Elizabethtowns”. Two fuckin’ 24x68, like, ripped these off the side of a fucking theater, Elizabethtown-promos.


Justin: “I’ve had a crush on Orlando Bloom since I was a teenager. Many years ago, I had dedicated a wall of Orlando posters, and when I moved in my own apartment, they all came with me. Uh, but only two went up on the wall.” Hm, tasteful restraint. “I know I can’t make space for the rest, but I feel terrible about throwing them out. Should I ask my friends if they want them?”


[whispering] They don’t.


“Or sell them?”


[whispering] Good luck. [speaking normally] And that’s from “Closet-cleaning Canadian.” Man, that’s a hum-dinger, thank you so much for bringing this to our attention. You’ve, uh, chosen wisely, turning to us.


Griffin: You can’t… you can’t throw ‘em out. ‘Cause…  


Justin: His spirit is in them.


Griffin: His spirit, a little bit of it, like he’ll know. I feel like, you know every time, and it doesn’t happen often, but anytime folks throw away a MBMBAM poster, especially if- if we’ve signed it, we’ve put a piece of us, a piece of out essence in ‘em. So when you throw ‘em away, it’s like you know I trip and fall over. And I’m like: “Aw, man, it happened, didn’t it?”


Justin: I’d love to be there when KonMari, uh, digs into this apartment, like, “I want you to touch each of these objects and tell me if they spark joy, uh, and if not, we’re throwin’ em away” Let me check. Uhh, yup!


Griffin: Still a lot of joy!


Justin: Yup, yup, yah, they all spark joy. What else you got? Okay, if you have one, you’re an Orlando Bloom fan. Fun! If you have three, it’s a shrine. Like, it becomes a shrine to Orlando Bloom and that has some powerful symbology I’m not sure you wanna necessarily hitch your wagon to.


Griffin: Well, you leave him offerings, of some of Bloom’s favorite… stuff. Um, bows and arrows, I’m sure he got really into that. Pictures of his friends from Lord of the Rings, like the actors, I think they’re all still really good buds, he likes those.


Justin: What you do, is when you have friends come over, you say: “If we’re gonna be friends, you need to know something about me: welcome to my Playbloom.” And then you open the door, and it’s just coated in your posters. This is something you need to know about me. 50 posters of Orlando Bloom.


Griffin: Your friends are confused, and you’re like: “What do your elven eyes see? Come on, say it, you know the truth. These are my jeans.”


Travis: Do you know what people are really into these days, fellas?


Griffin: Huh?


Justin: What?


Travis: Very specific museums. Somebody will rent a storefront and this is my “I Love Lucy”-museum now. Or this is like, my Bazooka Joe-gum museum, or this is my “Space Jam”-museum. Maybe you wanna open up an Orlando Bloom-museum, because! Because, if you can start making money off of it? That’s a thing! Like, you can turn around to everybody who ever gave you shit about having five, like, full-sized Orlando Bloom posters on your wall. Because now you’re making money off Orlando Bloom. Just like everyone else in Orlando Bloom’s life.


Griffin: They’re all taking advantage, I’m glad we gotten to this, we’re all taking advantage of Orlando Bloom all the time.


Justin: If this person is willing, please get in contact with us, because I will literally set you up, and pay for a post office box, where everybody with spare Orlando Bloom stuff can mail it to you. And we can really trick this shit out, like, really get it going, and make a room in your house that is a, uh, you’ll probably get a different tax classification? For this room that is the Orlando Bloom museum.


Travis: Or church!


Griffin: Church, hey! We’ve all reached a dark and tough time in our lives, where we did a little prayer to Orlando Bloom, just to see if he could do anything to help out. “Troy”! He’s in “Troy”. Got a fourth one. Hey do you guys wanna Yahoo? Now I’m just psyched, thinking about Troy. Eric Bana, fuck yeah dude! Here’s a—


Travis: Brad Pitt?


Griffin: [pause] Was he?


Travis: Yeah, he played the, uh, Achilles!


Griffin: He’s one of the Troy-boys! I have a good one here, but it’s not loading, I wonder if my cookies are fucked up. There we go. Uh, this one was sent in by Zoe Kinsky: Riding high, yes, thank you, Zoe Kinsky. It’s from Yahoo Answers user… anonymous. It’s actually from Jorlando Doom. Jorlando Doom sent this one, asked this. Jorlando Doom asks… Oh, the page crashed. What does that even mean, how does a page crash, it’s the internet. I didn’t download it.


Travis: Yahoo is closing down around you, Griffin, you have to get out!


Griffin: You’re joking, but that is gonna happen one day and you’ll never see me again. Um, Jorlando Doom asks… God, fuck this website, seriously. Jorlando Doom asks: “Why does the New Years ball drop… instead of go up?”


This question really fucked me up when I saw it. Why does the New Years ball drop instead of go up? And then there’s, the only other text is:

“Update: Tradition— yes. Dropping balls - good answer.

Update 2: About the gravity response— No shit Sherlock!”  


[Justin and Travis laugh]


So, I’m not gonna go too deep into the other answers that people gave, but I think somebody just said like: “Oh, ball can’t go up. Ball go down because of… the Earth pull!” Do you mean gravity?


Justin: So, the obvious answer here, um, is that they couldn’t get it down. Like, if you raised it and that was, like, the thing, that’s cool, except, that ball is just up there now. So you can’t… bring it down, y’know? You can’t get it? ‘Cause you raised it!



Griffin: It’s not like a flag, where if the Ball touches the ground the year stops or whatever.


Justin: Yes, but the symbolism of like: “The year is here, time to raise the ball!” At some point, you’re gonna have the reverse symbolism of: “Well, bring it back down, I guess”


Griffin: But that’s how we do it! That’s how we do it now, it’s like: “Count it down, and then 3, 2, 1, lets lower this year into the toilet” Which is like where it belongs. I want a triumphant… I wanna count up! This year I wanna see the ball go up, and I want it to be: “1, 2, 3, 4, 5 6, 7, 8, 9, 10!” And the ball’s at the top and everyone’s like: “Fuck yeah! Look at that thing up there! Everyone can see it better now, ‘cus it’s higher.”


Travis: Go with me, I think a third option… Third option: We build two mechanical hands, and we make it like a tetherball, and they bat the ball around, and when it’s all fully wrapped around the poll: Happy New Year.


Justin: Love that.


Griffin: But it is a billion [garbled] Swarovski crystals, and those will not hold up to—


Travis: [interrupting] We’ll make the hands crystal, too, Griffin! I don’t know what you want from me, alright? I can’t make an omelette without breaking a few crystals!


Griffin: I wanna shower Times Square in razor sharp Swarovski crystals, taken from the year ball.


Travis: Yes! Listen, thin that crowd a little bit, it couldn’t hurt, Griffin, there’s too many people there, not enough bathrooms, they’re not allowed to drink, there’s no food there. I’ve often thought that standing in Times Square for New Year’s must be the absolute pits.


Griffin: Scariest. Full blown.


Justin: I think the crystal hand should be controlled by Ryan Seacrest with a virtual reality helmet. That would be… very futuristic, that’d be very today, you would never see that on Dick Clark show. That’s how Ryan makes it his own.


Griffin: Where’s that year ball right now, though?


Travis: It’s sittin’ there.


Griffin: It’s just sittin’ somewhere, huh?


Travis: No, I’m saying, like, I think it’s still on top of that building.


Griffin: Oh shit. I mean, first of all, heist opportunity of the century. I’m saying if you have the year ball… you have the power. And so we steal the year ball, and then it’s up to us how this one goes. Maybe that’s what the Goodyear Blimp is all about! It’s a band of blimp-based thieves trying to get the year ball, so that they can just improve it!


Travis: What if we just take this whole shit, right, we turn it on its ear. And what we do, is the ball… it raises up, right, in the beginning of the year, and then, we continuously lower it when bad shit happens. And when it hits the bottom, it’s time for a New Year, no matter what fucking day it is, what month it is, whatever. [Griffin laughs] Well, we’ve used up all the goodness of the year, so time to reset! And then right there that’s New Year. June 7th, fucking New Year, we’re done.


Griffin: June 7th is such a fucking wildly inaccurate… like, you don’t realize, Trav, if we started doing this last year, it would currently be, like, January 3rd 3041, and then, like, tomorrow would be January 1st 3042. It would just be like, history teacher would be like: “So, there’s this weird span of like 650 years, that really took place over the course of, like, well, 4. And, uh, it got pretty buckwild there for a second, but anyway, yeah that’s when everybody was like 750 years old, you remember? It was really fun, it was like a fun way to do it.

Justin: Uh, we were talking about Ryan Seacrest a little bit, and I wanted to share a quick vignette. First, congratulations to Ryan, he’s the new co-host of, uh, with Kelly Ripa.


Griffin: Oh, permanently?


Travis: Is he?


Justin: Yeah, he’s the new guy. And they had to keep mum about it for a long time, and she had this joke, where she said: “In my house, we call it keeping a Seacrest” because they had to not tell anybody about it. And I just wanted to pass that out to everybody in case, in your day-to-day life for, well, for the rest of it, if you wanted to call secrets “Seacrests”, um, I would very much approve of that. And it’s something I’m gonna try to implement, and I just wanted to share that with everybody, that they’re called Seacrests now.


Griffin: That’s gonna be tough to implement, but I’m gonna do my – I mean you know me.


Justin: It doesn’t trip off the tongue.


Griffin: It doesn’t. It stumbles off the tongue, but Kelly leads and I follow. Kelly says: “Jump” and I say: “How high, Kelly Ripa?” And she tells me how high to jump.


Justin: Uh, here’s another question: “My housemate keeps opening the fridge door and fraudulently claiming: ‘Balls! We’re out of milk.’ He then pauses and says: ‘Haha! Just joking!’How do I explain to him what jokes are?” That’s from George, from the internet, you know the one.”


Travis: [deeply sighs]


Justin: “We’re out of milk! Get it?”


Griffin: I mean, it’s the exclamation: “Balls!” that gives this a particularly, like, nutty, sort of wild-boys, picante flavour that, um, I really would like an early 2000’s, like, Sum 41 sort of barf vibe, that I’m just, like, really grooving on right now. Just a fuckin’ really, really, really good… I mean that made me laugh, I’ll be honest!


Justin: That made me laugh, too.


Griffin: You wanna put on a joke clinic, but the summoning, the conjuring of “Balls!” from the depths is like, that makes me chuckle, I think, a little bit.


Justin: Yeah, ‘cause… they weren’t out of— Griffin did you hear the part, where they weren’t out of milk? Did you get that part of the joke?


Griffin: No, that’s classic comedy, I was more tickled by this sort of ska curse word “balls.” [Justin laughs]


Travis: I guess I’m just, I’m lost to this whole thing. So… there is milk?


Justin: There is milk.


Griffin: No, no, no… Oh, there is? There is milk!


[all brothers laugh exuberantly]


Justin: Now I get it!


Griffin: Balls, dude!


Justin: Balls, I got tricked!


Travis: For a second I thought that, there was no milk present. And I panicked! Honest to God. Like, I felt my blood go cold, because I was like… what do I put on my Frosted Flakes later? And I was thinking about having, like, a mac and cheese for dinner, but not now!


Justin: Not now.


Travis: But then, but then Justin! Here’s— the beauty of this was: Not only is it fucking hilarious, but the relief I felt? When I realized, like, ah, there is milk! [laughs]


Justin: I don’t think that this person has thought about, one of these days, they’re gonna open that ole fridge, and y’know, there really isn’t gonna be milk. And they can tell whoever they want at that point, no one is gonna believe it. They’re gonna go to the store to buy milk, and the milk… butcher, is gonna say: “No, I’m pretty sure you have milk. Nice try! But go home.”


Travis: I got your number! Which is funny, ‘cus you’re at a butcher shop.


Griffin: The milk butcher being the one who destroys the cows to get at the sweet nectar within. There’s gotta be an easier way! There just has to be.


Justin: When you go to a really nice resort, sometimes they’ll crack the cow right there in front of you, just put a straw in it.


Griffin: Love it.


Justin: And you can  just enjoy it there, right there in your chair, just watch the waves roll in, it’s amazing.


Griffin: Balls, dude! Can you imagine, if that’s how it was? Fuck! Balls, man.


Travis: Balls!


Griffin: That’s some— Oh, God, it’s just like I’m there on the couch watching “Viva La Bam” again, fuck yeah, dude, balls, I’m lovin’ it. Just sayin’ it, man!


Justin: Every once again, I check if there’s gonna be another Jackass movie, and it alway leads me down some paths of despair, that I— it just gets worse every time I duck my head back in to see how progress is coming on Jackass 4. It gets worse and worse and worse, and at this point I think I’m gonna stop checking to see if Jackass 4 is gonna happen, ‘cus I always end up very depressed.


Griffin: Probably better ways for time to be used.


Justin: [laughing] And money and everything.


Griffin: Hey here’s a quickie, it was sent in by Rachel Rosing. Game recognized game Rachel Rosing. Thank you. It’s Yahoo Answers User Ben who says, “Has there ever been a circular banana? Like, you know, how some bananas are more curly than others. Has one ever curled right around into a circle?”


Travis: I mean, probably.


Griffin: All right. Travis, fruit science expert.


Travis: I mean, I’m just saying that if you’re talking across the great expanse of time, since, like, the evolution of the modern nanner, has there been a nanner that has grown into itself? I mean, probably?


Justin: If you had a completely circular banana that went all the way around…


Griffin: [encouraging] Mmm.


Justin: You could feed… everyone. With it. Forever. Think about that.


Griffin: Wait. Hold up. What?


Justin: It’s an infinite banana.


Griffin: No, buddy.


Justin: It has no beginning and no end to the banana. So no matter how many bites you took out of it, it’s still all there.


Travis: Well, Justin, I see what you’re saying, if I may, one step further: in order for that to happen, the banana would have to twist back in on itself like a Möbius nanner. Now, if you had a Möbius nanner, you could also have people walk on that banana and walk forever.


Griffin: And get real confused.


Travis: Yeah. And while they’re eating it—


Griffin: Justin, you’ve, I um… You came to my house…


Justin: Yeah.


Griffin: You came to my house in March, and you brought your lovely family and we all had a fun time. And it wasn’t just your lovely family you brought, you also brought a… uh, a literal bucket of doughnuts from Voodoo Doughnuts. And they were —


Justin: A big bucket. It’s important, it wasn’t a little bucket.


Griffin: A big, big, a ten-gallon bucket. Um, and they had doughnuts in them and I watched you eat a food that is a circle. So I know you understand that not all circular foods contain infinite food matter.


Justin: Yeah, but bananas traditionally have a beginning and an end, right? Every banana that you’ve ever seen has a beginning and an end.


Travis: Mm-hmm. You’re talking about terminal bananas.


Justin: You can either bite the beginning of the banana or the bottom of the banana if you’re a goofball. I don’t know anybody that eats bananas that way, except maybe monkeys.


Griffin: Yeah.


Travis: No, it’s wrong.


Justin: But you, but if you have a banana that goes all the way around—


Griffin: It just… keeps going.


Justin:  —it just keeps going, so you could bite the top of it, there is no top, you could bite the bottom, there is no bottom. So, since it is an infinite banana, without beginning or end—


Griffin: Yeah. Cool.


Justin: —then, [laughing] theoretically speaking, quantum, etc. etc. etc.


Griffin: Quantum, dude, you gotta.


Travis: Do you think, much like lobsters, if we didn’t harvest bananas, they would just keep growing like that? You know, lobsters are immortal. Everybody knows that. Do you think bananas are immortal if we don’t, you know, chop them down? Man, am I right? Humans, what won’t we fuck up?


Griffin: Anyways, I want perfectly round bananas that I can— cause here’s the thing.


Travis: Uh-huh.


Griffin: I’m going to the park to play with my friends in the grass, and just sorta connect with nature, and I take an apple with me. I drop the apple, and of course I’m like, running in the grass cause I’m having a great time. And I kick the apple, and it goes so far away, cause I just had to hold the apple in my hands. What the fuck else am I gonna do with it, it’s a big apple, it’s a big Gala apple. A banana ring, I could wear that as a tiara, I could wear that as a cool bracelet, or a belt if it’s fuckin big enough, like Travis said we eat these bananas before we really give them a fair shot. So I wear this banana circlet, and it’s not gonna fall off cause I’m wearing it. And it looks cool, it looks yellow and cool and… banana…


Travis: Not only that Griffin, but you get to the park with your friends and it’s like, “Hey, let’s play some ultimate frisbee like we’ve been talking about all week. Oh no, we forgot the fuckin frisbee.”


Griffin: Throw the fuckin, fuck.


Travis: Nanner time.


Griffin: Throw it— and I would be kinda passive aggressive, I would throw it so Steve would miss, so he’d look like a fuckin nerd.


Travis: Yeahhh.


Griffin: Ummm…


Justin: This is the dumbest our show’s ever been and I’m stopping it to go to the Money Zone.


Griffin: How would you even peel it if it’s all…


Travis: Ahhh!


[Money Zone Theme]


Justin: Got a great wardrobe, you look good, you’ve got your perfect jeans with the holes, for sex…


Griffin: You’ve got your banana crown.


Justin: But, what about those things not everybody gets to see. That’s right, you been buying those store-bought underwear five-packs that are, um, they’re basically like trash on your genitals. So congratulations, it’s time to level up your genitals to MeUndies. They’re seriously soft, feel-good undies delivered right to your door with all kinds of cool patterns. They’re made of sustainably sourced micromodal, which is a fabric three times softer than cotton. They come in a ton of different bold shades and adventurous patterns, they can be your little secret. And guess what, you save time and money each month with a monthly subscription.


Right now, MeUndies is offering you 20% off your first pair. Just use the special URL meundies.com/mybrother and get 20% off your first pair. Revamp your underwear drawer, you deserve it! That’s meundies.com/mybrother.


Griffin: They said that—


Travis: And what do you wear over your MeUndies? Your blue apron. Blue Apron is a micromodal fabric that protects you from all food splattering on your genitals—


Griffin: [laughing] Food spills and splashes, and knife bounces…


Travis: It is an invincible fabric that will stop a bullet.


Griffin: It’s the golden fleece! Except it’s blue, and also an apron. No, it’s a food box. It’s a food box full of ingredients that they send you and you, I guess, get the ingredients, it says right here you get the ingredients super hot and make them touch, and then you throw them into sauces and, uh… cooked meals and stuff.


Travis: Mm-hmm.


Griffin: And you taste them and they’re really good. It’s less than $10 per person per meal, and they deliver seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients you can use to, you put ‘em together and you make ‘em touch and hot and they turn into delicious home-cooked meals. And, you can choose from a variety of recipes based on what your diet is, and there’s new ones all the time so you don’t get bored… Some of them include beef teriyaki stir-fry with sugar snap peas and lime rice. Baked spinach and egg flatbread with sauteed asparagus and lemon aioli. Three-cheese baby broccoli stromboli with tomato and oregano dipping sauce.


They’re all really good, you can check out this week’s menu and get your first three meals for free with free shipping by going to blueapron.com/mybrother. That’s blueapron.com/mybrother. You eat these meals and you’ll be able to think faster and use the computer faster, move stuff with your mind like Lucy.


Travis: Uh, we got some jumBOtrons. This one is for Tegan and it’s from Sara, who specifies, not that Tegan and Sara. Which, how do you know what Tegan and Sara we’re thinking of?


Griffin: [laughing] Yeah! I wasn’t thinking of the band, I might of been thinking of you, you don’t know!


Travis: I was thinking of you. And now I feel weird because now I think maybe you are the band. I’m so confused.


Griffin: Shoot.


Travis: Okay. Anyways, Tegan says— No, Sara says, to Tegan, “I’m so happy to spend our four year anniversary slash Christmas 2016 slash our May birthday slash our five year anniversary slash Christmas 2017 with you.”


Griffin: [laughs]


Justin: Nice. Good. All bases covered


Travis: Yeah. “You’re so amazing and brave for transitioning into the woman you are. Brothers, you good good boys make ourselves laugh ourselves silly. Please tell my girlfriend to stop being so sweet and cute and amazing. I can’t handle it.” That was for either May or December.


Justin: Tegan, cut it out!


Griffin: Tegan, fuckin stop it!


Justin: You’re too amazing! We get it!


Travis: What are you trying to prove? I get it, you’re cute! You’re amazing, alright?


Justin: Yes, you’re very brave and awesome and radical—


Travis: But Sara’s [teeth gritting] sick of it! Sara’s sick of your shit, your adorable shit!


Griffin: [bratty voice] Be normal like us.


Travis: We’re not cute at all.


Justin: Lower yourself to our bar. I have a message for my hobbit boyfriend Dave. And it’s from, uh, your goblin boyfriend Alex. Oops! This isn’t the Adventure Zone. Anyway, “Happy twelve year anniversary,” whoa! Congratulations, Dave and Alex! “If teenage us knew we’d stay together and still be enjoying D&D, sports anime, and pokemon, well, I think they’d be kind of horrified actually. But adult me couldn’t be happier to be living my life with you, you wonderful weirdo and sweet cinnamon roll. I love you.” Aw, that’s adorable! Man! Two adorable messages!


Travis: Very nice!


Justin: I feel very fortunate. So, um, so happy anniversary to… Dave…


Griffin: And Alex, I mean, and Alex—


Justin: And Alex, yes—


Griffin: It takes two to tango… Um, I wish we’d known…


Justin: That’s awesome, y’all.


Griffin: I wish we’d known things were gonna get so fucking charming here in the money zone, and then maybe we wouldn’t have spent 20 minutes talking about Dom Jeans. Like, I think it detracted, this could have been our 500 Days of Summer episode. But instead it’s kind of a weird Grindhouse style, like it starts out like really raunchy and raw, and a lot of talking about blue jean friction against a weiner, and then it does get really, really, really cute. Who knows what the third act will contain. Let’s find out!


[Tights and Fights ad]


Hal: I’m Hal Lublin.


Danielle: I’m Danielle Radford.


Mike: And I’m Mike Eagle.


Hal: And we’re the hosts of Tights and Fights, Maximum Fun’s newest podcast dedicated to all things wrestling.


Danielle: We’ll be talking about Sasha Banks, the women’s revolution, Sasha Banks, the brand split, and Sasha Banks’ wigs.


Mike: We’ll also be talking about wrestler fashion. Some wrestlers wear too many clothes. Some wrestlers don’t wear enough clothes at all.


Hal: And I’ll be doing impressions of all your favourite wrestlers. [wrestler impression] New episodes on Thursdays at Maximum Fun, or wherever you get your podcasts, oohhh yeahhh, dig it!


[Tights and Fights ad ends]


Justin: Here is a question. “I’m a regular at a local thot—”


Travis: What!


Justin: [laughing] Okay, okay!


Griffin: [laughing] How did you do this bad!


Justin: Hello, I’m so sorry… [trailing off into laughter]


Travis: Oh, we’ve done it!


Griffin: Say it good!


Travis: Say it!


Griffin: Say it!


Justin: [laughing helplessly]


Travis: Prove that you can to me and yourself.


Justin: [laugh-crying] Okay, here we go. [barely keeping it together] “I’m a regular at a local Thai restaurant.”


Travis: [slowly clapping]


Griffin: Okay, now, now that we know, now that the prestige has been revealed, we need to, you gotta understand. Justin knows about Thai, but he also reads one letter at a time, sometimes. He just like, runs through a sentence a letter at a time and just kind of explores the words at the same time as you hear them. It’s really a fun way to do it.


Justin: Whenever you all are ready for the throne, if you wanna come at the king, like, come take it. Come take this throne from me. I make it look easy—


Griffin: It’s not a throne, it’s a job! And we all have different jobs.


Travis: Justin, it’s pronounced “trone”.


Justin: Okay.


Griffin: [laughs]


Justin: [very quietly] Assholes. [in a normal voice] “I’m a regular at a local restaurant. Whenever I overhear—”


Travis: [laughs]


Griffin: What’s the, sorta, what’s the sorta genre of restaurant?


Justin: Thai. I’ve, Thai. It’s a type of Asian cuisine. Thai. “Whenever I overhear another patron ask the waitstaff for recommendations, I fight the urge to rush over to their table—” I’m, you know what I’m gonna do, actually right now? I, and I think that this is a big moment for our show and for me as a human being. I have to increase the text size. I think that that’s the problem.


Griffin: Oh, Jesus, God.


Justin: The text isn’t big enough.


Griffin: What were you at before? Like, 12? And now you’re bumping it up to 14?


Justin: Just like, regular, and then, um...


Travis: Do you need to get some readers?


Justin: Maybe I need some readers.


Griffin: You know what, this is nice, I did it too, this is nice!


Justin: It’s nice, right? It’s a lot easier to read, I should have been doing this a long time ago. Um, sooo… “I’m a regular at a local Thai restaurant. Whenever I overhear another patron ask the waitstaff for recommendations, I fight the urge to rush over to their table and provide them with my favorites. Should I continue to resist this urge, or should I tell them what’s good?” That’s from The Red Curry is Delicious, in Cleveland, Ohio.


Griffin: Yeah, you should keep fighting this one!


Travis: Yeahhh.


Justin: Yeah I think on this one, that’s a battle worth fighting.


Griffin: This is a hill you gotta die on, I think, maybe even a little bit. To not, to continue to not do this thing is the most you can… I can, I can maybe count the number of times where I’ve wanted this service on like one finger, and it was in like where I was in another country where I didn’t speak the language even a little bit, could I have used a little bit of help from a stranger friend. Uh, otherwise, like, I think I’m good, I think I’m… I think I’m good here I think.


Travis: Especially since, and I don’t mean to point out the obvious here, they are talking to an employee of the restaurant when they asked the question?


Justin: Right.


Travis: And it’s their job to answer that question? So I think it might be covered. So I think that resisting that impulse is good. Now that said, what you should do, is when the waitstaff makes the recommendation, just chuckle to yourself and shake your head no, like, “Ah ha ha, all ri-ight!”


Griffin: “Heh heh, oh, all right!”


Travis: That’s totally good, there’s nothing wrong with that.


Griffin: And then, it’s important you follow that up with, when you get your red curry, you eat it and you’re just like, [sounding vaguely orgasmic] “Ohhhhh! Balls! I’m lovin it! Yummy yum yum yum! Red curry!”


Travis: [laughs]


Justin: “I’ll have what I’m having!” [laughs]


Griffin: “I feel like I feel when I have sex sometimes at the end of it, you know what it’s called! I don’t!”


Justin: At the end of the meal, save one spoonful of your red curry. As you’re walking out the door, slip the spoon into the person’s mouth, and whisper in their ear, “You fucked up.”


Griffin: [laughing, clapping] Wow, while they’re talking. So just like, “Jeremy walks out of the break room and hrgghh bllughhh—”


Travis: “I fucked up!”


Griffin: “That was amazing! What have I done! I got these stupid noodles, fuck.”


Travis: And just hand them a piece of paper with a black spot on it, they’ll know.


Griffin: They’ll know, it’s the bloody handprint. They know. But it’s not blood, it’s red curry. “I shoulda got what he said, he said he came when he ate this.”


Justin: [laughing] “It made him feel like sex time. That’s what he said!”


Griffin: “That’s what he said!”

“How were your, how was the rest of your phad thai?”

“It was pretty good. I definitely didn’t come like that dude. Which is, like, shoot. I mean, don’t get me wrong, it’s lunch, I gotta go back to work, I can’t go back to work with [starting to break] creamy dom jeans, but shoot! It sounds like it was a revelation. Dammit!”


Justin: Damn.


Griffin: “Wish he’d said something, before.”


Justin: Let me ask you boys this. Is there any, you’ve made your feelings clear about receiving this service in a restaurant. I think the problem, and stop me if I’m out of line, but I think the problem with doing this in a restaurant is, and it’s odd if you think about it, but when we have tables at a place, we all feel like that’s our, sort of, island.


Griffin: Yes!


Justin: That’s our, like the other tables aren’t there and we’re all pretending there aren’t tables, but like, this is our territory, like we’ve staked this out. You don’t do that at Best Buy. If someone crosses your path when you’re looking at TV’s to also look at TV’s, you don’t get weirdly territorial about it. It’s just in the restaurant, you feel like you’re renting that space for that moment. Which is why I don’t approve of community tables, by the way. Thank you, thank you very much. No thanks. Uh, but here’s my question. Is there a business in which you would appreciate this service? Is there a business in which you would want someone to just kinda swoop in and drop some recos on your lap?


Travis: J-Man, to that point, no joke, if it was a counter service thing, because Teresa and I, when we went to Scotland, once again, different country, not quite the same, we do speak the language. But standing at the counter, first day there, wasn’t sure what, like, to do, what social customs were different. Very nice slightly older than us couple kind of saw our hesitation and was like, “Is this your first time here?” And we’re like, “Yeah,” and they’re like, “Here’s what you need to do.” And they walked us through like where to go to order, and what drinks we should try, and that was very helpful. So counter service? Don’t ever walk up to somebody’s table, I think you’re right. But if you see someone standing at the counter being like I just don’t know what to get, I think then you can make the rec and keep walking.


Griffin: Yeah. I had, yeah, it only happened to me once, it was also an older couple when we were in Tokyo, we were in like this huge food mall that was like underground… I’m making it sound like it was a cave, it was just in the basement of a shopping mall or whatever. And there were like a billion food options, and this older couple was like, “You want this.” And we were like, “All right!” And we did want this very much. And they talked about how much it made them come over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.


Travis: [laughs]


Justin: I went to this new Brazilian steakhouse they got in Charleston, and I’d never been to a restaurant like that before. And there were definitely some, like, I didn’t— it was terrifying! Because I didn’t, the person gave me a list of meat and then left, and didn’t come back to tell me, to ask what kind of meat I wanted?


Griffin: Irresponsible.


Justin: And I waited and waited and waited, and just sort of like looked sadly as people were getting meat and we weren’t. And it turned out, there was this like device? It was a device on the table? That indicated whether or not we were ready for meat. And that information was not relayed to me, by the way. Which seems to me the biggest faux pas you can make in this venue. Because like, that’s how I get it! Why didn’t you tell me that!


Griffin: [heartfelt] Fuck.


Travis: Every time I go somewhere new, I’m terrified that I will misunderstand a fundamental process that exists in that place, like I’ll sit down at a table and it’s like, “No no, you order at the bar,” or I’ll go to the bar and they’re like, “Uh, we have service, just go sit down at a table.” So I would say in that circumstance, having like, if you see somebody like milling around and doing that thing that we humans do when we’re really feeling dumb, that like “uh uh, uh uhh uhhh” body posture, I think in that circumstance if you want to be like “Oh yeah, if you sit down they come right to the table, and you flip it over so that it’s green on top and then they know you want meat,”


I think that’s totally cool, and in fact when people do that for me? I feel like they’re angels sent from God. And that’s Roma Downey just like, “Travis you feel very stupid in this moment,” and I’m like, “I do Roma Downey, thank you very much!” And she’s like, [accent] “Oh, you just put your money, you pay right up there at the front!” I’m like, “Oh Roma Downey, thank you so much!”


Griffin: [sarcastically] Good Roma.


Travis: Thanks.


Justin: Good Roma.


Griffin: Killer Roma. I could use your Roma—


Travis: Well when I do accents, I just mumble a lot.


Griffin: Um, this Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kinsky, riding high, climbing that ladder and riding high on it. Thank you Zoe Kinsky. It’s Yahoo Answers User Victoria Sparta who asks, “Need help ASAP! My rear end is glued to my office chair due to a super glue prank. Yes. Yes.”


Justin: Naw.


Griffin: Yes. Justin, how could you? Yes.


Justin: It didn’t happen.


Griffin: Give me this, let me read you, and you’re gonna feel like a real… jag…


Justin: Didn’t happen.


Griffin: A real judge advocate general for your doubting, cause the extra details I think are gonna satisfy you. “Yes, my butt, right now, glued to the office chair. My fiance and I have a prank war going on right now, he got me good, I admit it, but I will get him back. So, with the exception of nail polish remover, don’t have any, what could unstick my skin from this chair? He coated the whole dang seat! Pls [sic] help! I’m honestly stuck to this chair right now!” Eleven hundred exclamation points.


Travis: Wait. Griffin. Wait, wait, wait. Skin?


Griffin: Travis, that is located in update six. The sixth codex, so I’ll get there. “Please help! I’m honestly stuck to this chair right now, Justin, you fucking doubting Thomas!”


Justin: [laughs]


Griffin: “I know this is the wrong section, this isn’t social science gender studies, um—”


Travis: [laughs]


Griffin: “But I know this section is active right now, thus why I put it here, cause it’s kind of a real time issue.

Update: I wish I was kidding. He put super glue on my chaaaair!

Update two: we have a prank war going on, thus this is the current result. Update three: all right, I know y’all are used to weird questions from some people who are just bored and messing around, but sadly, this is not one of those questions, Justin, you piece of shit. This is no trolling or anything, Justin, asshole. My rear end is stuck to the chair.”


Justin: [laughs]


Griffin: “Update four: when I say office chair I meant my home office chair. It’s only me and him at the house. He’s laughing his head off and refusing to help me.

Update five: ummmm, let’s just say I’m wearing a skirt!” Uhhh, hence answering why, I think, the skin is on the chair.

“Update six: Oh, I found my pocket knife on the desk. I hate to ruin a chair, but it looks like I have to cut the chair fabric in order to be able to get up to soak in the tub until the rest comes off. Man this sucks! Balls! My skin’s stuck to the chair, my fiance got me great!”


Travis: Um, but, but…


Griffin: Travis, if what you have to say is not gonna help this person out of this horrible situation, I literally don’t want to hear it. I actually don’t want to hear it.


Travis: No, I guess I just have two questions, Griffin, to help me understand, so that I can CSI the issue to figure out the solution. And that is question number one: I understand this person says they’re wearing a skirt. How much superglue was put on this seat…


Griffin: Soaked through. Soaked all the way through.


Travis: [skeptical] Mmm. Second question: how, I guess this is the most important question that I have, how quickly between application of super glue to seat, and you sitting down…


Griffin: It’s tight.


Travis: –did your fiance apply that super glue? Was it like, they saw you going to sit down and were like, pbbbth! Ahahaha!


Justin: Well that’s true, cause it gets tacky real quick.


Travis: Yeah!


Griffin: Well this whole thing’s pretty tacky. This is a prank war they’re embroiled in, they obviously know how to do this type of stuff. And Travis, that was a minute and a half where you could have said something to help this person, and time lost is butt lost. Like, this person is gonna lose a lot of butt matter at this point.


Travis: Griffin, I don’t think they are!


Griffin: [appalled silence]


Justin: I don’t think this happened. I’m sorry.


Travis: Griffin, I’m so sorry.


Griffin: There’s six fucking updates, this couple loves each other so much and they definitely have a YouTube channel where they just sorta get each other. Like they fuckin just fuckin get each other all the time, and this is the latest one, and I don’t understand why you won’t help this person out, because it can be fun and flirty. This is my Fifty Shades.


Justin: Your Fifty Shades is pranks. Fifty Shades of Pranks.


Griffin: I gotchu. I put a—


Justin: I gotchu this time.


Griffin: I put a bucket of water up on the door sill, and you open it up, and you got splashed. [inhale through clenched teeth] Oohhhhhhh yeeessssss!


Justin: [laughing]


Griffin: I put the, you put the fuckin sugar on your [laughing] grapefruit to eat it for breakfast, but it was [clenched teeth] oh, salt! Ugghhhhhhh!


Justin: [wheezing and laughing]


Travis: There’s no milk. Wait, there is! Aahhhhh!


Griffin: [still clenched teeth] Ooooh! Fuckin yesssss! Yesssss!


Travis: Rrrrrrrrr!


Justin: Thank you so much for listening to our show…


Griffin: I wanna play more in this space though!


Justin: [laughing] I’m closing the door to the playroom! Unfortunately—


Griffin: I’m gonna stay in the playroom, we’re gonna be in two different rooms for the end of this.


Justin: [wheezing] I’m gonna fuckin trap you in there with Jokes. Gonna go—


Griffin: [from a distance] Hold on. Hold on...


Justin: I’m gonna leave the area…


Griffin: [from a distance] Hold on, I’m in the fuckin playroom now.


Justin: [laughing helplessly]


Griffin: [from a distance] Can you hear me still?


Justin: Uh, this has been a thematically consistent episode, which I always really enjoy.


Griffin: [from a distance] I love those.


Justin: And thank you for listening to our program, to the second straight episode where Griffin is absent for the ending of it, which is unusual.


Griffin: [incoherent crosstalk in the distance]


Justin: But thank you for listening, thank you to, sorry, John Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of our theme song “It’s a Departure” off the album Putting the Days to Bed. Trav, were you gonna say something?


Travis: I was gonna say, thank you to our friends at Cirque du Soleil for acting as the go-betweens, the mediators between Griffin and Criss Angel so that Griffin could get his bean back…


Griffin: Oh, man. I told a lot of really great jokes in the playroom when you guys weren’t there, it’s a shame. I should have brought my mic. Should have brought my mic.


Justin: Jokes got to hear them, and that’s the important thing. If you all could think of a collaboration we could do with Cirque du Soleil, cause I think they would love to work with us, and we’d love to work with them.


Griffin: Are you talking about the Criss Angel tweet? I do want to say on the subject of that, I’ve had a lot of people, when they saw that Cirque du Soleil really signal boosted sorta my whole drama, and I did just want to say, every night when I go to sleep, I just see one big eye. And there’s not really a traditional pupil in there, it’s just sort of like a big black hole? And I guess that is Criss? And he’s in there or whatever?


Justin: Yeah. Uh, we’re gonna, oh! Oh! Oh, oh oh hey! Hey, hey hey! We’re gonna do, you wanna come see My Brother, My Brother and Me? Or The Adventure Zone? Either one? Cause we’re gonna be in San Diego during San Diego Comic-Con, doing a live show. For both of those podcasts. Both of those programs. My Brother, My Brother and Me and The Adventure Zone, I have the details, hold on…


Griffin: Also I just wanna say, if you’re coming to Austin, hit us up with those MBMBAM questions pleeeease… We need them…


Travis: And Yahoos, we always need yots of— yots of Lahoos!


Griffin: Always needs lots of— Yots of Lahoos for the live shows, so thank you to all my troopers out there, my street team.


Justin: So the show is gonna be… Where? When? What are the details?


Travis: At the Balboa…


Justin: The Balboa… All right, I’ll use that as a search term, and I’ll search Balboa and submissive…


Griffin: [laughs]


Travis: Well—


Justin: And see, see what I turn up. Uh, Balboa on Friday and Saturday night at 10pm. So Friday at, we’ll be…


Travis: Oh my god. Um, I believe the first one is Adventure Zone.


Griffin: I think we said TAZ always first because it makes me very scared to do that one.


Justin: Yeah, so TAZ on Friday, MBMBAM on Saturday, 10pm at the Balboa. We, Trav, are you gonna make, can you make links for tickets.


Travis: Sure will!


Justin: Call the shot, call the shot now!


Travis: Um, we’ll say, tazsdcc and mbmbam, so bit.ly/tazsdcc and bit.ly/mbmbamsdcc, all lowercase.


Justin: Now those tickets will go on sale, and if you, you know we’re not joking when we say this, tickets for our shows tend to sell out really quickly, and we want everybody to be able to come. On sales for both shows will start at noon, Pacific, on Wednesday May 17th. That’s 3pm Eastern Standard Time. Is it EDT yet?


Griffin: No one quite knows. No one can keep it straight.


Justin: No one knows. Either way, it’s noon Pacific, 3pm Eastern, Wednesday May 17th. And those links again, Travis, are:


Travis: bit.ly/tazsdcc and bit.ly/mbmbamsdcc


Justin: Okay. So—


Griffin: And it’s gonna be fun as fuck, Spiderman’s gonna be there…


Justin: [laughing] We invited him, we hope to get him out there…


Travis: We’re gonna have the trailer for, uh, Star Wars Episode IV. Um, we’re gonna have that out, you’ll be able to check that.


Justin: If you know a famous person that’s gonna be there, ask them if they’ll come to our show, please?


Travis: How famous?


Griffin: What if we got the, what if [laughing] What if we got that super old man that they let in all the comic movies for some reason who does the one line?


Justin: [laughs]


Griffin: And he showed up, and he said like, something, like he could walk on and he could be like a PA, and he wouldn’t even make a big deal out of it.


Justin: That would be amazing. Yeah, that’d be really good.


Griffin: What’s his deal? Like, what in, always, like…


Travis: I think maybe he’s someone’s dad. I think maybe he’s Joss Whedon’s dad or something?


Griffin: There he is again! There he is again! This time he’s a janitor! You never know where you’re gonna, I’m always, it’s hard for me to enjoy those movies any more because I just don’t pay attention to the plot because I’m just scouring the background looking for that old guy.


Travis: You know, Griffin, I actually read that they don’t like cast him, or schedule that or anything. He just keeps showing up and then when they go back for the edits, it’s like, fuck! There he is again!


Justin: He did it again!


Travis: They can’t get it out.


Griffin: That’s sweet though, that they let him like be a part of it, the movies.


Travis: Well, he needs it.


Justin: Uhhh, anyway, come to the shows, please get tickets when they come on sale so you don’t miss out, we would love to see everybody there. I know there’s a lot of things competing for your time there, but hopefully like, I don’t know, 10pm? It’s probably not open any more, you can’t go see Spiderman, so you might as well come see him at our show.


Griffin: [horrified disbelief] Our show’s… Our show’s at 10pm?


Justin: Yeah.


Travis: The magic hour!


[crosstalk; Travis is the only one unfazed by this time]


Travis: Shit during SDCC, Griffin, goes til like 4, 5, 7 in the morning, some people just like don’t sleep.


Griffin: That’s midnight for… me… My timezone and how I do things. It will be a very sleepy set I feel like.


Travis: Nah, it’s gonna be a party.


Justin: No, it’s not, it’s gonna be weird! Things get weirder.


Griffin: All right.


Justin: So come out and see those shows. And, uh, Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us?


Griffin: Yeah I sure do, I got one from game recognized game Rachel Rosen. Thank you Rachel it’s Yahoo Answers User Joseph Sherman, who asks, “Why do my eyes change from emerald green to a steel dark blue before and during a storm? I’ve looked but no solution.”

